The band Kiss, who was the man with the long tongue?
Will Boise State do well in a BCS bowl this year?
Why do they call them "wetbacks"?
Define a nation and race?
Scottish invasion?
How many inches in meter?
the cold war in the 1950"s?
I need to know who sings this song...?
What is a Soke?
what does $20 an hour translate to yearly?
How bad will Ohio State beat Michigan?
Math question about function compositions?
Boy Advice?
7th day Adventists?
fun christmas and winter ideas?
What are the fuctions for these organs?
how to chat without yahoo messanger?
Do you have many skeletons in your closet?
my life career?
Does anyone have a diet for eatiing "clean"?
who's fault is it?
I need a prayer for elected officials and community leaders.?
how quickly can food pass through the digestive system?
Cheat Sheet for Physics Test tomorrow?
Should i join the Air Force reserves right now?
whats the population of the world?
How do you solve this problem?
total number of states and  theire capitals of india?
Exactly where is Labelle State Correctional Institute?
how to remove New Malware.j virus?
you people start having fun yet?
Help with Integral Math Problem?
how did the learning resource evolute?
PISTOLS online purchase and overseas shipping?
Is this woman interested in me or not.?
Installing camera software, computer doesn't recognize disk?
allsp.com has been closed?
it's about diversty in latin america?
looking for a girl?
almost all living organisma get their energy from what?
Does anyone else have a weird obsession with ear wax?
do you new about dr.shariati?
decreased libido and lack of sensation?
please help!!?
why are celebrities lives so facinating?
The Hecklers want monetary compensation?
ems question?
how do i erase history from yahoo seaarch?
polynomials and factoring???
what kind of snowboard is good for beginners?
if u were me ??
Does anyone remember the tv show small wonder?
is it safe to drink tcp?
Why is the US such a backwards country?
What are some good reasons to transfer schools?
Do jewish work on Rosh Hashana?
Would you still want to work?
give me a pie chart showing which type of love people prefer?
When I ejaculate, why is it chunky?
smackdown vs raw 2007 season romance with divas?!?
where is the Intel corp in Massachusetts?
Do You Think My House is Haunted?
Wow so why is it that people are so damanding?
Will I get diabetes?
When would mitosis most likely occur in an organism?
SUNS or Clippers???
idea's !!!?
All cells have a protective covering, called the?
Should americans be ashamed of themselves for being so fat?
whats the clever way of ..?
what are the best condoms for homosexuals?
what is the best way to sell a private pension?
Why do boobs sag when you have a baby?
PRE DESTINATION what is this?
Where should I look to find cadence for firefighters?
do i need a fishing licence just for recreational salt water fishing?
what does playing for keeps mean?
best  download site to burn music???
Is getting in-shape important for my lifestyle?
when was the last time you wasted your time?
is christianity anything more than a book?
Does midtown madness support multiplayer LAN game mode?
Why is Auckland (New Zealand) so boring?
ibm p96 troubleshooting?
Illegal immigrants; What are your thoughts or your argument?
Are looks a good indication of the potential qualities in a mate?
Hot dogs or hamburgers?
How can I implement APP for Flash media ?
What is the best chap stick for really dry lips.?
iam so lazy, why?
Can I get rid of Chronic Bronchitis?
how do you get cuts to heal faster?
Does anyone live in Scotland?
What are the chances of Ghana winning the game against Czech?
homo.. offensive?
what are all the different sub-genras of metal?
How can i find an MP3's URL?
Does anyone know who Shaun White is?
need advice.?
What is the capital of Egypt?
What is the average salary for a United States Senator?
what is the strongest typhoon you've encounter in your life?
the wayto make gunpowder?
What is a business Manager?
Beverly Hills Cop IV?
Singing???
Missionary?
What should I get Santa for Christmas this year?
Help: Should I take part in this karate demo?
Have you ever seen the movie "Fargo"?
How'bout them Cowboys?
web site for plano atv cargo boxes?
How Do I get to level 2 so i can vote!?
where is moldavia?
Does anyone else find this hypocritical?
Help? How do you print an Excel Chart???
What organism carries out nitrogen fixation?
When's the next meteor shower??
does the human eyes really see?
whats the biggest penis size ever recorded?
bf problems....?
how do you know if you are in Love?
How to make a Pussi tight before enter in it?
a stupid question.?
What are your views on illegal immigrants and why?
Why is Sir Elton John a gay?
37-divorced-3kids-a good job?
how long do monkeys live for?
a bright polyp resembling a flower?
Catholics, why do you....?
law of sine problem?
Why does the FIFA World Cup takes place every 4 years?
When do tiger go pee?
Am I the only Black Hawk fan out here?
Has anybody seen America's Next Top Model?
any one ready to have agood hearted girl like her ?
Do you think President Bush is a Schmuck?
a variable math problem. help?
how do veins prevent the backflow of blood?
How accessible is Philadelphia for people who use wheelchairs?
U know where I can buy Minutemen T.shirt?
What is the best way to fight thinning hair?
Have you seen "An Inconvenient Truth?"?
A solution for the Iraq war?
What can I do to get a girl to like me?
this is about burning DVDs off of a computer?
What motivates employoees?
Could the Patriot Act violate your civil Rights?
what are the side effects of a hysterectomy ?
Is there any actual freeweb sites to find someone?
What is the most horrible rancid smell on earth?
Genetic Material vs. someones sucker?
What was Richard Nixon's dog's name?
Joint Aches and Pains?
are the kids today growing up to fast?
When was the last time you messed in your shorts?
How many blogs are there in Indian languages?
Do you think I am overweight?
Do you and Kate end up together?
what is the difference between loaf and bread?
Computer Problem?
Which SATA port do I use??
i want my BF to cheat?
what type of internet does not need a house phone connection?
I know priorities but can't concentrate. How?
is it a legal requirement to wear undies?
Who is the best dominican baseball player of all times?
Where can find Information about Share Market?
Will Mexico beat Brazil with Omar Bravo and Oswaldo Sanchez?
What is meant by setting here?
Opening statements. Who's first?
Where do the majority of people that have cancer live ?
Is it illegal to open another person's email without permission?
what is competitive bidding?
What is the myth of God's knot?
How do you sucessfully take over the world?
What creature can sustain life the longest without eating?
What made "The Godfather" so GREAT ?
what are the new changes on claiming bankruptsy now?
how can u make a guy fall for u.?
I need help?
what is kienbock's disease?
How do u become a profesional soccer player?
Want to have an atheist wedding....?
My family is breaking Apart-someone anybody please help!?
vertebrobasilar insufficiency?
Which NFL team has the sexiest cheerleaders?
Is it illegal to marry outside your race in Alabama?
grizz over dallas tonight?
any good songs?
Do you think that today music is bad for the soul?
About the movie Stick It...?
Can we really forgive cheats and liars??
Am I a brat?
benzene health hazards?
All About Birthdays?
does anyone know about NARIC??
Do you have "call intercept" on your home phone?
How can I combat acid reflux?
Would you try a home exchange holiday? Why/not?
what should be done to stop terrorism in the world?
How do u put a background on your myspace profile?
Pain in lower leg/calf/shin?
why are ratios so important and should we remain using them?
Have you ever had your palm read?
I want to know ur study timetable?
Response Insurance Reviews?
Help with a second-degree burn =(?
do you like any sports team?
What is the SINGLE most powerful country?
i need a 24 hour dentist advice line anyone know?
why do some people hate mexican immigrants??
season ticket management system policies and procedures?
When did Columbus invented America?
who was the best woman ever?
How long can you hold your breath for?
How young are some of theses people?
what is the difference between bonds stocks and equities?
eexception clearing processor?
english words full of vowels in it?
I've met someone and I wander?
cause and effect?
what does a child need to know before Kindergarten?
TOEFL when English is my first language...?
How many player on a cricket team?
old age pension/spouse?
why are men after what women have?????
are wet tee shirt contests bad?
wat is the ascii code for arrow keys?
Anyone in animation in Mumbai? What's the serious scope?
Why do people want to outlaw smoking.?
Does anyone have any tips on biking?
how can i better my relationship with my baby daddy?
what are the values that we can learn in social studies?
How much is a "score" in terms of amount?
what's the size of the smallest penis in the world?
What are the various form of IP addresses?
Is it ok 2 b a tomboy but still like guys?
what is generalized others?
How minerals differ from vitamins?
any web sites that will indicate snow for Boston?
How can I make money with the internet?
How Do You French Kiss?
sometimes i think ill die alone?
Will the Laker's make the playoffs this year?
Why do Buddhist Monks wear orange robes?
what is your father?
insribed angles help? Thanks?
what are the risk of reductil 10 mg?
Why are they turning prisons into holiday camps?
female questions!?
Why can't my daughter sleep very well at night?
Put "cardinal" in a sentence.?
External DVD-ROM drives.?
Why do so many students want to go into special ed.?
So for those who have dated gynecologists?
what colors start with a,i,n,w?
10 points to the first person to answer this football question correctly?
Question about Fundalmental Counting principle?
Why is eveyone talking bad about Slipknot?
What is 1/3 of 12?
why does skool suck?
Is a blind a good board in your opinion?
Anyone out there taken the GED?
what are the best soccer cleats?
What is a narrative passage?
What's the address and phone number to DreamCast ?
whats a Humdinger?
plz give information about Blue tooth & Microphone?
how can I setup my Yahoo mail in Microsoft Outlook?
Density of Saturn?
How could you cheated your own member?
who is this HOCKEY TEAM?
where to find freeware to speed up and tune up computer?
futsal layout?
advantages and disadvantages of lowering death penalty to life?
Should a Cloned human be allowed to vote?
How do I manage hallitosis?
can you tell me simple way how to score in American Football ?
I'm failing college.......?
Eight Below, Ice Age II, or Shaggy Dog?
unusual periods? birth control?
What team is Frank Thomas with now?
do all people fart?
Declaration of Independence?
What would be your perfect woman?
Which bank offers the lowest APR credit card?
Looking for this guy?
why do people cut and committ suicide?
Did you know that the sun shines in us?
a quetstionnaire of coronary heart disease?
Does anyone know any good/amazing/interesting photography sites?
What are good websites for teens to meet other teens?
what is the power of federal over state laws?
Is Carbon Monoxide heavier, or lighter than air?
Black Panther Party?
Can I redirect one IP address to another IP address?
how to bring my boyfriend back-i know he loves me?
what is the branches of chemistry?
Linux file system?
Brueacratic?
If you had your own theme song, what would it be?
Do you know what the School of the Americas is?
What are the rules for swimming when you are on your period?
What would you do or do you have any suggestions or advice?
stop snoring?
how to get my website popular?
Points --For honesty?
What do you think about this case?
Is the GOP the same as the Republican Party?
is there a scientific formula for LOVE?
who makes the best alround laptop?
What is carpet area?
where can i learn online spanish?
How much free time do you have each day?
What is your favorite movie ?
how does aerodynamics affect the functionality of a car?
How many ppl out there like KC Chiefs?
Paralegal Job?
Who is gonna WIN american idol?
What Is the Nature Of Homosexuality?
Any ideas on "renting to own" houses?
How can one deal with a fulfledge panic attack?
How far can you lean before falling?
What is love?
how is lithium helpful to us in life?
What should my friend do?
Who is the best cricket player in England  team?
can anyone send me an english film?
What is a good practical joke for the workplace?
what do cats symbolize?
whats the spanish word for allontaye?
How can I get a prom date in a week?
Did Muhammad(pbuh) mentioned in bible?
what is the threshold oprator?
i just got my period, how should i tell my mom?
what are the obvious symptoms of diabetes?
Do women have less teeth than men?
can birth control pills make you lose weight?
should I complain about my "co-worker"?
what's the jackpot?
if the world stoped spining what would happen?
does anyone here speeks spanish?
I can feel spring coming ~ can you?
is love enough to make ur ex return?
Why hasn't anyone condemned me to hell today?
what is an ator?
What is Mucke?  Is it funny?
Who was voted off American Idol tonight?
what are the significance of invention?
Ladies, ever peed in a public pool without being noticed?
Do they celebrate Christmas in Canada?
Most wonderful woman in the world?
How to get fat fast?
Why do men have such an obsession with nipples?
what are some reasons not to trust the US government?
why are all my pages blocked?
Name some rap/hip-hop songs about moms?
Sharing food with roommates?
Paypal theft?
diet pills?
who is most affected by bipolar disorder?
Why do people judge things they know nothing about?
help me with my paper please?
Why is salt bad for guys?
my best friend a guy seen me naked?
why are my hands always sweaty?
Wanna Michael Owen back to Anfield Road?
Parachute Regiment??
getting someone evicted?
why did osama bin laden bomb the twin towers?
stuttering?
Is Ken Griffey, Jr. still playing baseball?
Can data be retrieved off of a burnt hard drive?
Whats the title of this song!???
How to add cartoons???
limewire pro?
list names of hurricanes?
how many guys care for big thick ladies not fat ones?
What is the best music festival to attend in the UK?
Have You ever...?
Rules for playing the tiebreaker in a tennis match.?
What nba team do you hate? And why?
I have a horrible cavity:( ?
What's with all the Sampson questions?
what do I do?
health benefits/risks between espresso and drip coffee?
What's is the most important thing in a relationship?
Will me and Eric Leslie ever get back together before Valentine?
what is project rollout?
How to reduce careless mistakes?
Search a person...?
paul mccartney?
Is Aishwarya Rai really that beautiful?
who knows mesmerizem??
Should I let my daughter move back home?
free software needed?
does age mather if your in love?
England friendly's?
what should i do to put on weight quickly?
How do I get rid of my mom's boyfriend?
Who do you think you are???
What is the best reply to "I love you"?
want to know how to apply for a new look store card?
migrations pros and cons?
what are some intersting facts about the mars rover?
Where can I find a Military Combat Engineer Flag?
Massachusetts-Melanie's Law?
Does anyone have bipolar? What medicine are you on?
do you believe in real free speech?
You should check the vehicle to the rear every how many seconds?
Would it be cheating if?
how is null value represented in a computer?
Hard Physics Problem!!!?
What is adobe?
How can I buy a Repo??
What become of the color on long standing?
How much protection do the Miranda Rights provide?
do u think sex is helpful in reducing stress?
any good business card web sites??
why do people lie so much?
What part of the Bible is this song referencing?
How do people sleep wit their eyes open?
Where can I find creative writing classes in the Bay Area?
Why am I single?
Showing Trojan Spirit?
Has gravity always been the same, a constant on earth?
how do i tell someone i like them?
3 1 and a half plus 4 and two fourth?
Question for smokers?
What is the superstitious origin of Friday the 13th?
"Too short for Jail"?
do help me with this one,cute!!?
How can I become a personal assistant?
do really unidentified flying objects exist .?
The words to laffy taffy song.?
what is the manufacture of ammonia and its salts?
why do we color easter eggs?
Where us the Henry Ford museum located?
Web Programming vs Baisc Computer programming?
What can I do to prevent ingrown toe nails?
on average, how fast do storm clouds move?
Why is the Democrats political symbol a Donkey?
Eagles or Raiders in Hall of Fame Game?
What do girls like 2 talk about with guys?
Were the compromises fair?
Why are boys smelly?
what is the average span of humans all over the world?
do you ever dream of dying?
HELP me....Pls!?
who is the funniest comedian today?
factors affecting the weather?
Can you tell me about birthmarks???
Shall I do it?
Any natural home remedies?
was Nostradamus accurate with his predictions?
For what would you sell your soul to satan?
love or obsession?
can fasting promotes weight gain?
what is the scientific defintion for chromosome three?
Is there a larger number than the infinite one?
Who sings this song?
weight training?
Is everyone enjoying the Football World Cup as much as me?
where can we get omission exercise in english grammar?
my yahoo friends not contect me why?
Will somebody explain to me in simple language how a blog works?
OK, 2 more blonde jokes?
Does anyone believe in vampires?
after stopping Obelit will gain weight again?
Pls_who_am_i--with?
Is Gotti still alive?
Where can I find market research on incense holders?
what do i do to play bettter at baseball?
Help me with Paypal?
how can i find the special names for animal's homes?
history of 'chadha'?
Why are men so needy?
I'm really bored..what should i do?
Am i the only person who fancies Gary Oldman?
how does water affect table salt?
does Texas Tech transfer credits from a junior college?
What u think about Maths?
what do they say about a sucker born every minute?
Pros and cons about Weight Watchers?
Lunar Age?
where have all the real ladies in perth wa gone?
when did we sign over our parental rights to the school district?
why is kysteelgirl so closed minded?
How do I access my internet options?
Should World Powers sell arms to other countries?
How should I go on? Can lovers be best of friends?
how do u see ghosts?
What makes you feel "hungry" ?
Whos excited about Ninja day on December 5?
What is the most important trait of a Broadcast Journalist?
where is David Beckham live's?
Can Hell disappear if we just deny it ?
Any one ever had a bad experience with Herbalife?
was director ang lee murdered?
Who has an apple ibook g4?
is this a fraud?
What sounds do you ingore everyday?!?
War in Iraq?
Emphysema And Chronic Bronchitis?
I would like to...?
Is matter mass?
how many goals in the worldcup final in 66?
are there any programs that make your computer talk?
Is the color purple in the rainbow?
Wuts ur favorite Chuck Norris joke?
Evangelical Christians: who is going to heaven?
Would you love me if I was down and out?
An organism for plantae.?
Anyone know how to rearange the myspace friends list?
Who Has Watched Rob Hoffmans Videos?
where can you get watped tour tickets in North Carolina?
Do you support same sex  ban amendent?
is nial quinn going to takeover sunderland?
where does the stigma around Friday 13th originate?
Is the earth round?
what is the best thesis topic with computer science problem??
What type of education you need to become a interior Desinger?
Why is there no mention of a wife?
In what country was world cup 1990 held at?
Should I tell My Secret?
what is technology in leading good life with out problem?
Do you think this is funny?
Do you have a prayer request?
whose lifestyle and culture is better india or china?
does a killer whales eat humans?
How do I write an essay on the writing process?
A racemic mixture that isn't thalidomide?
what are chromosomes?
Why do poor people vote for republicans?
PC-PC cable connection?
Crafts for Sale?
stomach virus?
what is the meaning of the word "gnostic"?
who is the world cup winner in 1982?
What are your thoughts on Gay Marriages?
PiNk OR gReeN?
where on earth does the winds always blow out of the south ?
how do I type an underscored email address?
Who's the best female singer today?
false police report?
receipt,release and refunding agreement?
What is a venous reaction?
how to prepare profit & lose account in holding company account ?
Is this weird?
smell of which men's cologne stays longer?
How can I increase the profit from my cyber cafe?
does sibling rivalry lessen with age?
How do you make cash under the table?
Best solution for heavy, fatty legs??  Especially thighs!?
What's the best remedy for a sore inside your mouth?
The offices and shops and railway premises act 1963?
I can't move my ankle?
RSS Information?
Does the Giraffe Make´s Any Gutural Sound?
Who is your least favorite relative, and why?
how old do you need to be to get a credit card?
Is buddyspy safe and legal?
if you were me and i were you then who are they?
how can I change my address with social security?
Who will realistically be the nominees for 2008?
I need some places from the odyssey!?
who is shaun palmer?
what is a calcareous test?
Give me some physical characteristics about norway?
preventing child rape in south africa?
what is the state motto of alaska?
How would you personally compare 'pride' and 'dignity'?
Are there and Thanksgiving songs out there?
I need help working an Algebra 1 problem?
would u like to be my frnd?
what does the X in X-men stand for?
did minor league players back in the eighties work second jobs?
anyone know a good free on line site to learn sign language?
Is There Death After Life?
How can you gently unbrainwash someone from a cult?
how much schooling is required to become a physicist?
slaves were helped in their attempts to gain freedom by the?
is inflamatory breast cancer cancer always fatal?
have you ever?
The girl...im so confused?
why are we here?
do I have a virus?
A paragraph on why do u love India?
Why are there vastly more men who are forced into prison?
Who was Stonewall Jackson?
Whats the 3rd word?
Have you recently become citizen of a South American country ??
What is wrong with my sister-in-law?
what are the dimensions and different parts of the softball field?
Anybody work in a box plant?
Jeff Hardy kinda buff?
where can i get hepl to find a family member?
Who is your favorite character on "Drawn Together?"?
Who won the Daytona 500 in l972?
Which college do i attend?
I need a bigger butt.. plz help me?
what is the highest score ever in a college football game?
Computer to TV?
how do you get a guy to notice you?
How do American citizens feel about the war in Iraq?
how your brain works...?
Hey guys, want to know he truth??
What are these tiny red dots/bumps on my arm?
Who scored last goal at  Old Wmbley ?
What's the greatest gift you have to give?
where can i buy empty cds from?
who is the tallest man in world ?
what kind of part time job for international student in aussie?
why did the cat run away 4m the mouse?
Looking for a brother and sister?
When you're downloading a document or program?
How to stop corruption in India?
How come having big boobs can give a back pain ?
Can you leave scratch marks on peoples eye ball?
Do you think maybe Mexico will sell us more land?
What the hell we doing here?
help please!!!!?
Are commercials (advertisements) dumbing down America?
Has anyone tried Pandora Web Radio?
who is the highest paid footballer  in the world?
I have this friend....?
is there eny free software to speed desttop?
What are the 5 largest islands in the world?
what kind of poem does a poet write in outer space?
Wonder why Christians dont follow the teachings of the bible?
Is there any benefit to getting an online MBA?
DO we really know Islam ?
Aries & Gemini ( however u spell that )?
Who's the best player in the Saints' history?
american responsible for the 9/11 yes no?
how do u use windows media now?
post game?
Have you ever faked a complaint to get something for free?
have the crips done anything good for the community ?
If Diamonds are highly compressed coal do they burn?
Why do republicans hate bipartisanship?
how would a 12 year old make money in england?
im in love with a girl i never see anymore?
If you had an emergency could you notify police through internet?
Do you ever have days when you just feel dumb?
Why do guys do this?
Is a ray of light a scalar or vector quantity?
what is the description of MBBS?
Locations of rehabilitation centers for youths?
how do i solve it? math?
where would you rather live, New York or California?
how can I memorize things?
which is the best massage therapy school?
kids channels?
starbucks internet?
In this seasons champions league?
Does anyone want to come to my gigs?
result of damage to the brain's left hemisphere?
A Little Humor-What do you think?
What thing turns on a woman the most?
what are the bond angles of aspirin?
does anyone know how to get better stamina?
what part of the brain is responsible for narcolepsy?
What is the unit for measuring electrical pressure?
please help: 1 + (-5/3)?
about my ex-husband?
where is your L2 vertibrea on your spine?
How long can you last?
Which sport make the most money?
can you provide me with good matter on everyday physics?
why is the soccer world cup only every four years?
what medicine do you take when you have diarrea?
Rate this joke?
Trick question: How many National holidays are there?
what happened that I got dumped?
what is an exe file called in vb?
every1 plz answer ...?
What is the procedure for radiation therapy?
What is the deepest cave in the world??
Have you ever actually seen...?
Is this a form of genetic inherited autism?
What is the best city to live in USA?
how to make a boat for physics project?
is this true?
how do you give the most memorable and best kiss?
what kind of gift should i get for my son?
Where can I find a type II Diabetic diet plan?
What was the frist anime series theat you saw?
Who was Salome in the Bible?
Do you Ladies like my name and my looks?
How does one keep from going crazy?
Does anybody here play runescape ?
ken haggard's kids?
Tell me the basics of swimming?
why are people so rude on here?
Does anyone know when pfe provides its dividend?
which team do you want to win the NBA ?
What teams will play in the final game in Germany 2006?
What is the best way for solving nuclear problem of Iran?
whats a jacko?
One night stand?
Where can I find a VOX Brian May guitar Amp?
my boyfriend is in a gang?
Does anyone know the salary of a hotel receptionist??
What guitar should I buy?
i have a friend who i like?
What part of the night can't you wait for?
Who set the price for sin and why?
What is a good website to find value of baseball cards?
Can you answer me?
Who killed Eddie ?
amount of rain fall?
Can Gen-manupulation alter your bodily state?
junction point?
what does "force the moment to its crisis" mean?
who was the second person to walk on the moon?
what is ur fave baseball team?
What is an effective, natural way to boost energy?
Would you be mad??
does anyone have a treadmill for sale?
did you know that angels live among humans?
Is 2+2 =4 Correct?
how do you get rid of seed warts?
Dwight Howard?
Does the American Dream still exist?
Studying online?
what do you think of the red corss and why?
24, CSI, Lost, or House?
Are red blood cells considered as living cells?
Who here is radical in these faiths?
where to download music video?
what do you need to coordinate a friends wedding?
What does Regional mean?
Why does my butt itch so much???
How do get over the feelings from a failed past relationship?
should the US congress support the India-USA nuclear deal?
what is scientology or the london org?
Is nuclear war inevitable?
What does "Lucky Stiff" mean?
What are you most talented at doing?
how high is the capitol biulding in Sacramento?
Where can I find farming communities, with work share programs?
what is the clinical name for viagra?
Do you squeal when you are excited about something?
D/ST week 12?
Who won on american idol tonight?
What happens after death?
Who is winning the election right now?
My Dad is a Diabetic?
Which FireFox extension you would say is a must have?
Question about home foreclosure...?
Did you have good parents?
What happened to Dan Quayle?
my boyfriend have short dick,how can he make it longer?
how can I find doctors in nicaragua?
on myspace?
Has Anyone Ever Had This Happen?
How do I change my H1B visa to Green card?
Non- Christians....?
how old is yao ming?
new girl...i'm just not sure.?
please help me with these bio questions,?
What is your most favorite Johnny Depp movie?
Who sings the song "Page Me"?
what state do the simpson live n?
What exactly is "having a life"?
Wave Surfing Websites?
Is allofmp3.com legal in the Usa?
Do you like Americans? Why? Why not?
what is the dropped third strike rule in baseball?
Does smoking marijuana really help with nausea?
Information on Denests in Baja California?
are there any animals in the bermuda triangle?
Am I the only one who notices this?
is cheerleading considerd a sport?
why does my penis suddenly erect?
Whats a bug chaser?
How many satellites orbit the earth at this point?
whats the collective noun for a group of cyclists?
What was the average chip cost in 2005?
What is the difference between little league and professional sporting events?
AMISH - please answer?
Wholesaler responsibilities?
who is d premiership all time highest scorer.?
is myspace safe to use?
who thinks the Pirates stink?
Newtons and force?
Ok.So Can Some One Help me Again?
GOP ticket in '08?
Indian "pop song" recommendations wanted?
Does anyone know any good books or movies about racism?
What are you gonna do this weekend?
Albert Pujols???
Why am I a poor college graduate?
Wher does the term "Under the Weather" Come From?
Which one is better, monoteistic or politeistic?
What are some...?
what is your favorite friends character?
How to connect directly two computers with home edition of windows?
Trick or treating adults- Is this tacky or what??
Congratulations to Angie & Brad!!!?
how does the federal government effect our daily lives?
Where can I find a list of 2006 Europen countries holidays?
how do i prepare for an interview?
what happens all males are vanished on the earth?
how can i find hw solutions for my classroom textbooks?
Does anybody remember the Monkees TV Show and music group?
what is A.S.?
nasdaq symbol - chungqing haifu?
What do you think about the UN Security Council ???
Is computer generated (CGI) child pornography illegal?
Army entrance question?
looking for Snohomish County Corrections application?
StandAloneComplex...greatest name ever?
important questions #2..?
Which team should I support?
Question for immigration attorneys in California...?
How does an Emergency Light work?
Did the U.S actually go to the moon?
who has cable broadband internet!?
if you are a filipino can you answer this?
who likes the old movie Little Nicky?
In WWII who was clashing against who?
why is raid level 0 not appropriate for reliable data storage?
Multi-verses?
A change of career?
How do I get a job overseas and remain safe?
Where can I go to compare wedding flower prices?
When dating someone how much time is too much with friends?
What color is a spider's web?
How I should Prepare for AMFI exam?
who sang the song bogie and Mccall?
Switching from a Desktop to a laptop??
who is better, elvis presley or james brown?
can yo poop standing up ?
What is the difference between a thief and a church bell?
where is a good place to live in Minnesota?
Nursing scrubs and colors?
is there anyway to escape from burning summer?
Do U know what gives me joy??
what is crib shoes?
What's the story with color toner refills?
Do you think some celebrities deserve their talent fee?
methods for testing unknowns?
help iguss?
why does wearing a bra too much increase chances of breast cancer?
Does anyone know something I can buy for chronic tension headaches?
Who do you think is the best nba player?
Do anyone know how to find idiots around you.?
who watches nip/tuck?
Favorite quotes anyone?
How can I find Good and easy application Grants?
shoudl i tell my friends who i like?
Checking my Graphics Card?
Sometimes I feel my boyfriend is too cool for me?
catchy title?
How do I ask for a decent raise?
can you burn cittronella candles inside your home?
What is G-router ?
What did you do??
What does Sarbaines Oxley compliant mean?
What is the saddest movie u watched?
How to stop the war in Iraq?
Which country lost the Vietnam war?
What exactly is meant by the term "Open API"?
Nightmare on Elmstreet of Friday the 13th?
3rd party storage?
How do I get my golf drive up into the air?
how to show others in a happy mood while i am sad?
Doesn't urban life drive u crazy?
What is "Points Of Authority" by Linkin Park about?
How do I go about staring the frozen food?
whats the most attractive feature of a person?
I have a toothache?
guitar tabs by the spill canvas?
Why? the first woman of Taiwan love money very much?
who are the good people on  the internet?
I have no educational qualification, can I earn money from business?
do the blind people have dreams?
im lonely!?!?
Pretty funny.?
need help with boys?
What do you think of Cosmic Ordering?
What is Mars distance from the sun?
What Is The Webjal Setup Password?
Perfect date?
Why do some people swear all the time?
Do you believe they implant us with micro chips?
is brain cancer hereditary?
Is Santa Satan?
How does soldiers killing each other solve the world's problem?
How can we increase the time discharg to satisfy more?
where do u get free sms updates for the world cup?
aims & objectives of teaching mathematics?
who is the real eminem?
what age are u an adult?
I need to find the song to these lyrics?
which team will be the champion in world cup ?
math people!!!?
plz answer this?
is it true?
how many cups are in a milliliter?
Gay porn vs Hetro porn?
do brain cells die?
How much money do I need to retire in the Philippines??
What is this called and has anyone else ever experienced it?
Birthday or World Cup?
can someone help me???
Who is your favortive basketball player besides jordan?
the dumbest thing said during love session?
Why do churchs have steeples?
what is Snoop Dog's real Name?
who wrote a tree grows in brooklyn?
Will stirofome cups work in baseball.?
Secret agents to assasinate or hold unethical missions?
Is it strange to write songs?
what is religion?
What is the meaning of the term "Dutch Party" ?
how does the fish anatomy work?
what type of training is needed for being a pediatrician?
What does "no stoi" mean in English?
Who is the worlds best soccer player?
what are the symtops of liver problem?
who is that fantastic brazilian bassist d.hayott?
What is the difference between a monument and a memorial?
Do guys like woman with curves or super skinny??
how can you reformat your computer without software?
I need a good girlfriend. How can I get it ?
Help if you  can?
what is x- click here?
Can you see the FCAT scores?
Will there be a Pentium 5 processor?
belt or hand or both abuse or not?
what is operation research, where to find more information?
what is codine???
What is Ashley Pettet's middle name and birthday?
trying to find miami based hedge fund called everest capital?
Is everybody suppose to have equal wealth?
What people live the northest? who live the southest?
do you like Americans?(USA)?
Who is the greatest teacher youve had through your life?
moon landings, true or madeup.?
What is the History of Administration?
Why are "majority" leaders called such?
corporate restructuring?driving force behind restructuring, examples?
How can I be more gangsta ??
what do yu think of election 2006?
what does otvet seichas gde mean?
Whats the worst team in football cardinals?
What is INTERNET TAXATION?
when will bonnie on family guy have her baby?
stage 4 stomach cancer?
do u think playing racquetball is lame?
What is the best way to get out of Iraq?
What is the definition of CHICKENhawk?
what is the diff between a cop and a sheriff?
how do you put pics on google?
Why is Water colorless but the ocean blue?
Why shouldn't you pour water into acid?
What is the highest paying profession with a bachelors degree?
How do you determine the swing of a door?
what isn't pot legal??
Iron Cross?
What is a stinkpot?
What are the benifits of particle systems?
Does anyone have any study tips?
Best and Worst Wrestlemania?
is it true that 16 year olds can vote?
how many time do you have sex?
nervous system facts and trivias?
hydrocodine queston?
S/n help???
Do anyone believe in evolution theory?
What is Climittia?
When was Johnny Winters born?
Adv + disadvantages to living in a small town.?
How can i beat this great team???
How do i do it?
Do you like it when your feet are tickled?
Your boyfriend just lost a bet..?
bush and his cronies?
Where can I find a death certificate on someone for free?
Which is the greatest tank in your opinion?
legal break lengths in NC?
why were the three branches of government created?
Should we invade?
How can I lower my diastolic blood pressure?
Who is your favorite Sailor Scout?
Do you have a catchphrase you like to say?
Hillary clinton a liar?
Debating Pointers?
I got a riddle/joke?
how would you test  if you have the right weight?
what is 144 called?
What do guys love to hear most from the girl they love?
Need more answers?
do you think dog is the greatest bounty hunter?
Why does Walter daydream?
anyone know any gaelic phrases?
Will Solar Sails actually be used in future space exploration?
Will we ever get to the moon?
Need someone w/medical background to help decipher diagnosis?
what are the advateges of owning a pet?
what city has the largest city hall?
True or false of baseball?
Do you sad that bill gates live Microsoft?
should i get renters insurance?
Which U.S. States vote online?
what did we call 1990 to 2004 era in baseball?
why is orlando bloom so hot?
Harlequin girl...?
what is x?
Optical or Laser mouse?
You don't know Josh Turner?
Do you like the dark?
who were the first five presidents of the United States of America?
Seen any new colors?
I need a new internet nickname can't think of one?
People with masters and/or PHD?
What percent of middle school students are subject to peer pressure?
Why did Ballack choose Chelsea over Manchester United?
who invented the nintendo?
Are these two sentences correct?
causes for the invasion of mogadishu'?
How do I view my old homes on Google Earth?
anyone know any good websites for me?
Is Janet Jackson's new CD good?
Do any girls...?
How does lightning form and where does it occur?
holiday in singapore or malaysia??
Does anyone have any tips to make my volleyball team better?
Dog license for Lawrence Twp Indiana?
is family togetherness good or bad?
Im doin my speech?!!?
why do you have to active window home xp?
anything about metabolizing enzyme of lipid?
In the light of information technology?
What is the proper hand position for road biking?
whats the best pick up line??
Anyone on this site go to The Overlake School in Washington?
How to make an unrecordable  cd?
what are examples of imperialism?
Have you ever gone more than three weeks without taking a shower?
Does anyone know Chris Dickinson from Pensacola, FL?
wat r some fun websites?
Is this JOKE fanny?
Are there female jockeys?
Is Kelly McGillis an actual rape victim?
what is the reason for life??????
What is better- bad credit or no credit?
Where can I buy marked cards? (not online)?
statistics?
why should anyone study law?
prementral symptoms?
where do you find a notary public?
is Ian McKellen gay?
how can i find a penfriend?
what are the circular green patches in Area 51?
what is the wildest  form of  sex?
What is the best way to get strong?
How is geometry used in everyday careers? Give concrete examples.?
is there life on mars?
Where is a place I could find sound effects?
what is the average size penis?
how does marijuana affect athletes and are there any positive effects?
The song "Right Now" who originally sang it?
Who is the most controversial player who has represented more than one?
Do you get a longer weekend cuz of New Years?
Why does my wife have alzheimer's disease?
How many people in America take Prozac?
How is the tenth planet like?
for the guys?
india or pakisthan?
Who are the real owners of the oil fields in the world?
how are members of the plankton community differentiated?
does rubbing your boobs really help them grow?
How far is it from United States to England?
What is the definition of Free Trade Agreement?
What are the forces that keep the univers stable?
School help?
should Addison Disease patients get tetnus shots?
was marty stewart married to roseane cash?
Windows 98 glitch - any advice welcome?
where can we lesbians/gays get lawfully married?
Who the hell is pissed off right now???
have you heard of the fair tax?
Where can I find good comics ...?
i need a SSN#?
Yahoo 360 - I don't get it?
does vitemin E really help hair growth?
?Who Likes The Yankees???
how do you get a scorpios attention?
who  are St.Louis local and state officals?
Whats you favorite hip-hop/rap song?
Why do centers have such poor basketball skills?
Problem In Folder Guard 7.7?
since march i have lost 40 pounds?
Itching driving me NUTS!!!?
How do I stop my knees from bending backward?
Are Christian fundamentalists still upset with the Harry Potter series?
e-mail of professor walter rudin?
do the liberals have an agenda?
Varuna---the lord of the ocean?
Can anyone help me with my college essay???
What is your opinion of Tiger Woods?
Who has the most interesting job and what is it?
What is the maximum number of characters allowed in a file name?
What is your favorite flower?
What's on your mind?
what is a ESI?
Question about kicking a field goal?
why am i so dang pretty?
Hunting and Politics?
do u think is going to win Brazil or Ghana??
Where can i download a file binder?
how do i know what i can upgrade my video card into?
George Strait or Prince?
How do you feel when you have thyroid problems?
Is it a cavity?
Getting Fired?
solve this riddle which can find information in detail below?
How do I find someone to pay for my college tuition?
difference between scientific methodology and legal methodology?
has iran ever attacked some country unprovoked?
What to send to parents for Thanksgiving?
My boyfriend has slept with my mother!!!!?
owned my home 100%  before marriage?
who here thinks spongebob is a homo?
Boothster’s Rock Question of the Day?
how to lose childhood fat?
A question for people who whine so much about illegal immigration?
What is a Morning Room?
When did we invade Afghanistan?
Is their a way to get a DVD on to iTunes?
Do you like your High School?
what is tiger woods real name?
How do I explain why nascar is a sport?
how i can become more happy?
Gay man Looking for life Partner?
Should I get revenge on this guy?
What does a decent girl means?
What are the voices in your head saying?
what all do you cook for thanksgiving?
where can i go to get my tooth pulled for free?
Which Desperate Housewives guy do you think is hotter?
why is it dificult for young people to serve God?
will ohio state?
How can I stay on topic when I'm studying?
which wr to start for week 10?
where can i get charts about genital herpes?
to be a legal immigrant what are some qualifications?
What are the best investment for humanlife?
what is "crackback" football?
Should illegal immigrants be allowed in the united states?
will a vtec fit a prelude?
How do I not feel over tired?
Are registered sex offenders allowed to attend church?
Neptune & Uranus?
Do you think Superman Returns will be a good movie?
where can i get n64 games?
Is it worth it to stay?
how to fix Psp Dns error?
Is there something in my closet that i should know about?
how do you get info on  years past  tax   refunds?
Will anybody be on here on christmas day saying?
Anyone from Dewsbury?
laws concerning office space in texas courthouses?
GOT INK? How & where at?
Is Faith More Important than Good Works?
Can you imagine a world without cell phones?
Kidney infection or pinched nerve???
spend more time with my mom?
Does jerking off make you go blind???
what is the meaning of name hemangini?
If you could change anything about your life?
I was arrested,  - then released.  Now?
I tried 4 wireless routers and none will transmit a signal?
a guy handled my chest, what do i do?
arctan (-1) =?
Hey, What  does "walk off home-run" mean?
why is my VGA card over heating ?
Why do farts smell like boiled eggs?
Is this too big?
Do you  believe over 12 million are just picking strawberries?
Expectorant ?
Is there still a National Bank for America?
Is a vote for a Democrat a vote for surrender?
HP 832 c printer only will not print black?
The Legend Of Mt Makiling?
is nigeria a safe place for investments and tourism?
God exist?
where does idea get from?
everybody who do u think is the best football team?
Can Animal Organs transplant to Humans?
Where can i find free piano sheet online?
How to start a business for beginners.?
How do you know when you really love someone?
Does anyone else feel brain washed after attending church?
Acupuncture?
What is the calorific content of poo?
why........?
whats the use of cauliflower in the body?
advantages of steel?
Name the tune and artist....?
How to beat a parking ticket in Ontario?
why are so many people on crack cocain?
I need to ask someone who knows about horoscopes?
how was the social structure of african slaves?
how do you fart and make it smell realy bad?
Is anyone??
splotchy red marks up the inside of arms?
I want an Article about conservative and risk?
Is being a Christian enough ... ?
i like a barasile team?
Favorite line from Sienfeld?
Is there a gimmie rule in golf?
Inlove with 2 persons and totally confused. any advice?
How do you know if you're in love?
Discharge for 2 years..what could it be?
Dealing with a girl?
What are buffer overflows?
what's the funniest thing ever?
Whom do u loves the most? What is love?
Do you speak the language of Romance?
Fighting Sites that teach u how 2 fight?
Do you think they should teach common sense in school?
Spirit vs soul?
Help me find my political party!?
Do running sports effect Von Willebrand disease?
what makes up a fart?
What has happened two years ago relating Bush?
Does any one know a song that...?
Are Stepparents Family Members?
looking for girlfriend in dubai to spend goodtimes together?
whats the most memory in a personal computer?
Should disruptive students receive the same education as good students?
were can i get a recipe for ether?
will my gay realtionship last ?
Can we please list the thing we are thankful for today?
Can music be innovative and still listenable?
How many words have"UU" in them?
What is your favorite song?
Is there oral medication for sun defense?
u2 or metalica?
am i right or wrong?
What Is Your Favorite Holiday?
definition of pre order?
Remember This - Step By Step?
what should i do on the last day of school?
Who will move to Manchester United?
what is the latest news on smoking bans?
How many other women?
Mexicans are NOT the only immigrants.?
Whats the Best time To ask a Girl Out?
Anyone have an effective remedy to relieve a blocked tear duct?
What does H5N1 (bird flu) virus means?
How do you know a boy you like likes likes you?
What's it called when a word sounds like another word?
sharone stone is more hot than before or what?
What does a toy maker and Abraham Lincoln have in common?
why there is a word "why" ?
really v get answers here?
How many minnutes are there in a year?
another hw question on arizona?
i have a problem with PSP video 9?
What are the ramifications of a negative coefficient of kinetic friction?
Who is Saleh AlFadalah ?
To Christians?
what is the cell division?
Are you a wheezle?
wats the funniest joke youve heard or told?
What is SUN?
can arthritis be hereditary?
How old is this world, Earth?
How to buy a foreclosed property in Nevada?
aren't the minutemen american heros?
What year was Michael Irvin drafted?
Explain the meaning of all the other types of comedy?
What do sheep count when they can't get to sleep?
New computer, good enough for high-end gaming?
Why is my leg cramping?
10 points if you help me get the correct answer!?
Girls? Serious question...?
Why have I been brought into this world?
should we send all whales back to wales?
What lysine is?
what are your feelings on america society?
places where lovers can meet in delhi?
Problem connecting an USB mouse to Windows 98?
simplify problem?
When Did The Last Civil War Veteran Die?
what are media?
What is radhat linux?
who's hotter Matt or Jeff Hardy?
Name this Indian movie?
Is there a site on fastest millionares last year?
Spelling Bee?
Mom going to sons exams?
In fantasy baseball, what is WHIP?
How close are we to being able to do a brain transplant?
Who has earned a degree via distant learning?
do all women?
Discrete Math-Rules of inference?
How famous is this song?
What is the best 35mm film speed for underwater photography?
How do I measure my feet to get American shoe sizes?
what is your definition of common sense?
Does anyone else think the Jets should draft Vince Young??
where are pictures of fossil formations?
why does the moon appear larger than the sun?
what is gross sexual imposition?
how do u get a guy?
Do you agree with line item veto power for Bush?
essay topic is are aged parents a burden on their children?
Which band sings the song about wanting to be a rock star?
What is your goal?
What is this food we call today?
Did Anybody else like the Poseidon movie?
I feel nautious...what do i do?
senator vs. congressman?
Who will win the F1 this year?
I'm bored, take my poll!?
Asian basball players?
If you don't have enough time...?
whare do I go to get free games?
How do I know she is not angry?
Are medicare payments tax deductible?
what is the color of spongebob?
wheres the best place to go to get famous?
What Saint is termed the Sailor's Saint?
Can Anyone help me with a sound problem on Windows.?
What is the marine layer density of the city of Richmond CA?
what is gout?
True or False?
try to solve this puzzle...?
when do you use jpeg?
how do i completely remove everything from my harddrive?
how do you rip myspace music?
Is just Whites or all human are racist?
Christmas Gifts?
Mummy Project???
My boyfriend hates his job, what should he do?
Are there lenses that correct colorblindnes?
My yahoo have a problem?
how long does it take to travel to mars?
philisophically describe brown sugar?
if all religions were gangs who would be the toughest?
What is the best program to get off herion?
Is science not able to answer subjective answers or objective answers?
What the Deal With Pluto?
Does this  seem like he likes me?
Atheistic beliefs?
teen depression?
Anyone know this, or know where I can find the info?
Who else on here takes xanax for anxiety?
what are the best websites for mp3 download?
anybody know any sites that i can watch anime 4 free?
about child abuse?
What happens to a person at death according to scriptrue?
What is a interior vagina?
how do i create my own letter head for my business?
how can i lose whight?
Something about the persons in Trinity?
Whos gonna win da Masters Cup???
what do you think about george bush?
Why haven't they added more stars to the EU flag?
If You Started Smoking Weed ..??
Bruce Willis or Bruce Springsteen?
how can i get a very beautiful woman to marry?
campagnolo ou shimano?
How do i know my boy friend will marry me or not?
What is the beautiful language in the world? And why?
when the first nobel price had given?
UC lawsuits aimed at California colleges?
what is the best prescription diet pill on the market?
Please help me?
How long can a person go without eating before passing out?
Tax Research Help for school project?
wwl and japan?
What should I do?
Can anybody out there tell me why I like weed so much?
Who will win  - Tunisia or Saudi Arabia ?
Who were the fifa past presidents?
How do you know you have found your soul mate?
How can I be a billionare?!?
why are some men such pussy's?
What's the name of this eminem song?
Do guys like girls with a little chunky?
A Question of Repentance?
how do i talk to guys?????
Does white noise effectively mask heavy-bass rap music?
what does van wyk means (its is a surname)?
Which are the best places to visit in and around Delhi?
W2 vs 1099?
system that transports materials to and from the body's cells?
why wont the  NEOCONS support queer marriage?
What does br mean in computer abv.?
what country has the most illegal drug usage?
How can you lose weight before February, 2007?
How can i find my foster sister or can i?
how many merders happen in new york each year?
What does the acronym RCS stand for?
wat is the difrence between rocks and minerals?
are there a lot of people who use skype?
What is Bioinformatics?
what is the effect of different music on goldfish feeding?
what guys love in girls?
English hw help?
Where is the best site for 1920 world events?
Why is that?
who would you consider more of a legend?
how many stars do astronomists know of?
what is resolution of vectors?
Would you like to see this stat kept in the NHL ?
would u date a guy older than u?
how are firestorm drills?
What is your opinion of the movie "Love Actually"?
do u think this descripion is hot?
how much is math related to computer science?
What is a protastant?
what is the rationale of mild fever in tuberculosis?
What should I do about my boyfriend not calling me?
What are the options available when a disability claim is denied?
how do you break down linier feet to inches?
Is there Thanksgiving in Canada?
Need free DNS service like uni.cc?
so who else is supposed to be working right now?
What if God was in all of us?
qusestion? what color are your eyes?
what new technologies have made fossil fuels more valuable over time?
Did you see the basketball fight?
Who Australian's best soccer player today?
NHL Outdoors?
How far back on your resume do you really need to go?
who is denise barnes?
where can i get free virus protection?
writing these as a fraction in lowest terms?
What are the different ranks in the army?
how do I find post codes on the web?
who does immigration laws affect?
What Is Ink Made Out OF?
Is selfishness a form of mental illness?
what is the best way of detoxing our liver?
I like smokin' marijuana. Is this good?
is jesus the God dead?
wat exercise is best 4 building uper body strength?
Has Bush been acting niggardly towards the education budget?
ne doctor here.plz ans?
Which right do you value the most?
US-Mexico immigration tunnels?
How much money does a web design position make?
Why was Tuesday selected for Election Day in the United States?
Will The Release of the Doubletree Hotel Video Show Pentagon Impact?
how do rivers start?
What should I do about chapped lips?
can someone help me find a particular music video on the web?
How many dates should you go on before you are considered exclusive?
Any websites that.....?
what is scientific nature of politics,other social sciences?
What is your view on our current government?
Is it okay to be engaged when you are like fifteen?
why is everyone nowadays lookin for love?
whats the best way to boost your sex drive?
When will the world end on December 21, 2012?
E-mail sizes, why it got so big?
Am I being too harsh?
any christmas song and the lyrics. thanx?
How to score 2400 on SAT?
What happened to Schneb?
What is the plural of the word cannon?
What causes fifth's disease?
What style of music do you prefer?
What can I do to make my sister go back to school?
Does alcohol make depression go away?
what is diffrence between artificial and natural satellites?
Whats the theory about the earth being flat and not round?
GIF Wrestling Videos???
Is It still a good time to sell a house??
Punjabi songs free to download site needed?
joke! read closley,?
what the appraisee needs to take to improve job performance?
about temp to hire-permanent?
a movie about you..?
What career would an Associate Degree is Psychology get me?
What is your opinion about horoscope?
Looking 4 any single Hotties 2 rap with ?
What are some uses of coral reefs to bordering regions?
are all guys like big boobs and a big butt?
how does heroin affect the affect the body systems?
How Many?...?
how do I get rid of craps?
tell me your favorite web site?
Whats the relationship between math and music?
Guys only...?
where is the town of Kyustendil situated?
unscarmble sapeltna?
How long does it take for Job Application?
why do people do the things they do?
Can I have a liposuction?
WWE online?
What would you do in my position?
Which premier teams did attach the sponsors on their jerseys first?
When was the last time you were fooled by an advertisement?
how do you download music for free when your under 18?
what do i do?? this is urgent?
Have you ever fantasized about someone else during sex?
What type of grades and other things to get into Harvard??
Am I evil?
Is the country...?
What r some good kiddy sites?
i want 2 no?
TaskManager won't open!?
who is most likely to win the world cup?
A special type of number?
best elementary level booktalk and reader's chair criteria?
how do i make somsone know am single?
How many prime minister has Italy had in the post war period?
can u give me your real names ...with meaning?
Why do horse jockeys have such high voices?
what kind of disease that can affect our respiratory system?
Who offers the most economical online trading in Canada?
Dontcha just hate it when dinner guests are rude?
Random Thought's user ??
USB conection?
What is thanksgiving?
Qualifications in a cafe?
How do I work and study in Los Angeles?
Did we really need relativity theory to calculate gravity?
what is the UK internet population?
Robert Boyle?
Where will be held the 2010 Winter Olympics?
Riddle me that...?
What is your take on Borderline Personality Disorder?
Why was the man who swam the channel so unpopular?
so if you have a long distance relationship? Part 2?
wireless internet?
Is there a way to get rid of an inferiority complex?
what is your fav sport?
This is a good one?
NT 4.0 and Windows 2000?
Who else thinks John Kerry needs to get a different job??
are women better multi-taskers than men?
is urs life better then others?
Which is the coolest tattoo you have?
what is the best form of zinc for a man?
Is Barium a positive ion or negative ion?
What is the fine for Trespassing in Rhode Island?
what is onside n offsidw in football?
Can someone help differentiate graphics cards for me?
is it possible to prepare equilibrium mixture staring from both direction?
How much does a root canal cost?
can ya help me please?
i want to help a friend.?
Any Science Investigation Question Ideas?
its cloudy how do i see mercury cross the sun?
What is the cost of Stenosis Relief ?
how to handle your 21 yr old moving back home.?
Where were you born?
how tundras help us?
Who  will win the cricket world cup of 2007?
my im not working in chat room?
How many federal judges are there in the US?
Why do you like Yankees or Mets?
Is Yahoo or Google better?
Iove Kakashi from naruto.Do you?
Witch Nelly Furtado Album Is The Best?
how do I get rid of my drug proplem?
what are the rules of engagement for police officers and military?
Am i hated on here or liked?
Will he ever ask you to marry him?
does st denis church have a grave site?
King of Bandits Jing fans?
What are you doing today?
plz help i need more syts?
What can you hold without touching it?
Is ATP synthesis the same as Cellular Respiration?
how to increase your professional medical practice by ethical means?
Are Most Republican "Christians" hipocritical?
where can I purchase a Visa Gift Card?
Who will win, Italy or Ukraine?
Is Kim Smith Famous?
Who won the Nov. Election in Colorado?
can a relationship made from sex become something more, in time?
LOL   -  do you consider this right  ?
2 Short Riddles?
Write the contribution of bill gates towards information technology?
Have any girls been deep sea fishing?
Is this a Sign (10 pts 4 best)?
about football pleasse help?
do you all have young dro sholder lean video?
How long did each of Paul's journeys take?
what should i wear to valentines dinner?
Does he like me?
everyone sign this?
what do you think about education and training in the navy?
Does he have feelings for me?
Mood music ideas?
How do I get him back?
DO women HATE SARCASM!?
how do i make cash fast?
mickey and minnie?
if you were a child in the wordl?
why we feel sexual need?
purpose of administration and it department to a business?
does anyone know about area of triangle?
Which are the six nutrients in our body?
Who is the best major league soccer (mls) team?
Who would you rather give you soul to? Why?
How many are Josh groban fans??
Can a muslim believe in astrology?
I have Endometriosis, any suggestions for pain?
Do you think the market will continue these losses long term?
Mid range Graphic Card?  100$-150$?
lost WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN ON?
What should we do to people who lie about military service?
low taxes or high?
Do you think that ashes should include 1 or 2 other teams?
What does % yeild mean in chemistry?
give information about proficiency test in english?
Where can i find a website for Books about English Teachers?
What is your opinion of brits?
Avatars - how?
Where are the Himalayas located?
Are you interested in the Army National Guard or Active Army?
why does my help and support program do not to launch ?
who do you like better tom or jerry?
What is the asymptotic density of odd perfect numbers?
tig welding process ?
Who Hates Kurt and Kyle Busch?
Does University of Delaware have ....?
Where can I find Free Directory Listings for my web site?
Som good book discussion groups, foreign policy?
Jamaica government structure?
A friend just forwarded me this link....?
Name of that person who  cover the north pole very first?
what is a cat 4 road racer?
which is the best website to view the rankings of US universities?
What elements are liquids at room temperature?
Is it possible to date interracially and still be racist?
How do you get higher on the trumpet?
Should I say personal effect or affects?
suggest as many hidden words as possible using the scrambled letters.?
who was Auguste Defauconpret?
BNP employment discrimination?
Can you stop it?
ruud van nistrloy?
highest goal scorer for a spainard player?
which    country is rolnadinho from?
predetermined rate?
what is sound?
Have you ever met anyone online and started a relationship?
general tips about hydraulic disc brakes?
Should I take the job or not?
why can't i do this!!!!!?
Is a doted woman mentioned in the bible?
How do I gain some weight?
Where does the spider's web come from ...?
please help with ratios?
Does anyone think the world is getting better?
How many congressman and senetors does WA have?
When people are rude to you does it upset you?
who won the 2004 munster hurling final?
what is crudeoil made of?
Will the north ever win?
How do college football coaches put together their schedule for next season?
who is the popular player in soccer?
Cute and sexy ideas for my boyfriend for christmas?
Why do people ask so many dumb questions?
Should I....?
what are things life is about?
the enthalpy of a system decreases when?
how can a boy get rid of breasts?
what is the pronunciation of Darboux the french mathematician?
need myspace code?
Can any1 read body lanuage?
Why  can't 15 year olds vote?
Who has the best "Unified Field" Conspiracy Theory?
who is the primeminister of India?
What are the new rules in this years soccer world cup?
Who comes after the speaker of the house?
This is kinda dumb, but...?
should i let him see him?
How Do I Get Rid Of Pimples?
Drugs from Mexico?
How Can I Continue Studdies In Uk?
What is 5 times 5?
They're asking me to write a resume??
What is the postage for a post card?
Who do you think will win american idol?
Would like to incase insects into acrylic?
Dallas Vs Spurs, Who Will Win?
How much does the world weigh?
what is the largest waterfall and where??
is lasik surgery in mexico affordable and safe?
Father died without will could surviving spouse take all?
How to get a VPN Running?
What is your favorite animal?
What Fine art/Dance colleges are there?
who is right for a cancer?
what are some good pennie stocks?
what sentence can I use for fungi?
Want to help Veterans who have been wounded in Iraq?
Who? What? When? Where? why?
Expensive House?
I'm feeling pressured?
I would like some advice/help?
Which team has the biggest football stadium in the world?
whtat is battery backup?
how can i access and play online games especially role playing games?
When is the next good meteor shower to view?
home choleseterol kits?
What are some really good carb-loaded foods?
Do italian guys really have the biggest penis?
Are straight acting people the majority or minority of gays?
Waht is your favorite Soccer team?
eye problems?
Can I get my money back?
what family owns otis elevator?
What will Mrs. Hosford do if you steal her cookies?
my toddler has a discolored tooth?
What is game theory and what are some of its applications?
Is Hatebreed a racist rock band?
Have you ever been committed?
What happened in Thailand to cause the 1997 financial crisis?
Isn't self-preservation the greatest law in nature ?
How can you find a websites popularity?
Fill In The Blank...(?)?
How can I have my own broadcast on the internet?
No you got it wrong?
Which Ohio State football player played the most years in the NFL?
Facial stubble for men?
what is the objctives of biochemistry?
In which year was NASA found and by who?
Would this work?
do checks expire?
Should Ex-cons   be aloud to vote ?
How to protect the hair loss?
3 bells and ur out?
what are the advantages of having rest and relaxation?
Why do liberals wanna kill baby's so much?
how do i make a server so i can ban someone?
M u s t a r d?
why it too hard to find a true love?
Save St George save England.?
what is the deal with?
Do science & religion mix?
How old a u?
What shall i give my girlfriend i valentine day?
does anyone know a Midi program...?
Does anyone know about changing identities?
my life is affecting everything!?
how to live healthy?
Anyone use an Exercise Ball??
how do i get rid of my yahoo tool bar?
Please help, Voltage vs. Current question.?
Why there is Sun?
how can u fit 71 person in one car?
No incentive.?
Who needs a smoke?
how can i set up a wi fi network?
Spongebob question?
who here runs track?
Ugh, what can I do for throat congestion?
The best answers get the ten points!!?
what is ieee 802.11b?
what do you think of barry bonds?
Whats the longest grudge u ever held?
Osteophyte: medicine, surgery? your experience?
What should I do about the G/F?
What are some organisms unique to Maui?
what type of question or topic do i go for?
Need to download printer driver for a Cannon C530?
What is the world cup song by the mascot?
Who is your favorite female PORN STAR?
what can i do to revenge my neighbor?
Adults, was high school really the greatest years of your life?
Do halogen bicycle headlamps degrade over time?
Which muscles are commonly called the quads?
Why was Lord ram sent into exile?
I need help!Downloding!?
How Do I get My Hearing Back?
Iraq a disaster?
another excel question?
law in china?
paraphrase this song?
who likes tourettes guy.com?
How long is your hair?
how do i put firewalls?
What is the firing velocity of a 9mm bullet?
I want to know about time travel.?
hr questions?
Can book clubs garnish your wages?
How can i change my Yaho password?
where can i find a website that has country music videos?
You girls suck.?
Children in need ideas!!?
Do you wake up or open your eyes first?
How can I get out of debt without changing my life?
I need help from an Accousist.?
which guitar amp?
How many of you leave your doors unlocked?
Help! I lost my phone number?
i have a neighbor..?
what is the meaning of remote sensing?
is it possible to control homosexual tendencies?
Please help to find a mechanical project for university?
Is it true that clark sucks?
Laptop getting hot?
Would it be better..?
Is Novicane the love of my life?
wats terrets syndrom?
what is the austronesian theory?
Is it dangerous ?
Why don't superheros wear white socks?
classified military bases why are we paying for em?
The English-language alphabet originally had only 24 letters.?
can u do a reverse directory search on a toll free number?
moniter is still blank?
Was the Battle of Gettysburg a costly battle?
what is snow?
Why do people claim the bible is older than it is?
Why is communism so bad?
is setspeeds.com safe?
Knee Problems. any ideas?
Can I get a skateboard at Wal-mart?
the difference btwn software engineering & usability engineering?
I don't see him. What happened to NicholasD?
how do you download a scanner without disc?
If you had a superpower, what would it be?
Do u think i can be a WWE superstar?
signs of false self-esteem?
Cant a minor drink at home with a parent??
Isn't Abortion already covered under our Murder Laws?
Female worker asks the best way to work alongside three males?
Are the Red Wings going to win tonight?
Schrödinger's cat?
if i ask my recruiter?
Does cold temperatures affect knee replacements?
What about this?
how do sunni and shiite Muslim's differ?
What would be the yield of the smallest fission bomb possible?
why the peoples are hate politics?
what are the causes of dark buttocks?
How do you feel?
tell me the words i need 2 hear please?
mrs HIPPY.. has a disappointing answer?
“How should I stop my nose from running?
who else is obsessed with the goo goo dolls?
Seems fishy to me!!!?
shizophrenia?
Illegal Music Downloads?
whats header in mail?
will the colts loose this season or go undefeated?
is sex really important in maried life?
I can't  read my .Doc file ,?
long distance relationships - are they doomed?
Should the criteria for people to receive food stamps be more strict?
Area of triangle using this formula.?
Which wave will probably be diffracted the most?
How do you multiply three integers?
what can't you see but is always before you??
Video Card Suggestions/Advice?
create free web sight?
Solve the equation for x?
see if u can answer this riddle?
What do managers establish procedures, policies, and rules?
Can  fructose the artificial sweetner make you ill?
Serious Question?
Which season do you prefer: spring or autumn?
how to protect myself and my house from evil eye?
Where can i get cd info?
This guy sucks?
Can you sleep with no eyelids?
what is a good diet to follow for losing weight?
What are some of the unexpected costs in buying your first home?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of coeducation?
what is the yahoo answers program about?
What questions should I ask a financial planner?
Are you a member of the mile high club?
Revision techniques?
what does prothallial cells do?
do you know how much Hungarian and Turkish are related?
my dad is going to war...?
Where to find Coseo homework helper?
who knows the lyrics to ayumi's evolution?
belly button hornia?
how long is the life span of a june bug?
how do a sum on inches into metres?
Johnny Depp hot or not?
should i? see details?
Will Bush Listen Now Or Will We Start The Draft?
What places, beside your nose can you use pore strips?
how long after bankruptcy can you cash a huge sum of money?
kamusta KANA?
Is attraction only about looks?
Bible origins question.?
Why is the opportunity to attend a top college or university important?
some SAD person is handing out violations?
Need help with my printer please!?
do you know anyting about afghan?
Is  President   Bush  "Self Serving"  ??
What is your dream guy?
what is a lateral officer?
Do u think i have a big head?
Pop Punk Lovers Please Check out...?
how can i forward my port manually for microtorrent?
What was in her mind?
Depression. The illness of our times. Do you suffer?
are there any skateing rings in hettisberg?
Any Christian brother or sister want to be my penpal?
US forces bully and torture prisoners?
Who do you guys wanna see for the final game??
how do you turn cookies off on your computer?
How can i get a web site from  yahoo?
How may Congress control the bureaucracy?
If I move to Utah can I marry a second wife?
First love meeting.?
Where is the feminine in divinity?
Is everything in the universe emmitting radiation?
What percent of the world's population is left-handed?
Question about Hormones and Growing?
How do corn (in feet) arise?
Who is better- Enrique Iglesias or Ricky Martin?
Who has scored the most points in WNBA history?
Should you water your wife while she is using the bathroom?
Is it ok for a guy to play with Bratz?
internet relationships?
Any Houston Astros fans out there ?
why is gravity a force?
What can I buy for my 25 year old boyfriend?
will sania mirza become No1. seed?
Visual basic?
what are washington states attendance policies for workers?
What is the routing number for the US BANk?
OMG GUESS WHATt!?
what job to take?
What do i wear to a rock concert?
Who is your favorite indie band?
how to write love in japanese?
whats wrong with gay marriages?
how to choose horse to lay (loose)?
how to tell if someone likes you?!?
my husband is denied visa at embassy in ned delhi?
Please tell the difference of afraid, fear, scare?
Where's the extra dollar?
What was the actual name of Oklahoma native Johnny Bond?
Are updates for Internet Explorer included with Windows updates.?
Name Spaces in PERL?
what is the weather like...?
CA-125 Blood test- do you know about it?
how is  india going to develop in coming years?
people who post long questions or answers?
headaches from crying?
What are some really great movies?
Who is the best player on the Leafs??
Where can I find the best online resources for teaching elementary students?
What's 9th grade like?
Can someone give me the fax confidentiality notice wording?
How do you say excuse me in Hebrew?
I NEED some advice!?!?
Girls only please?
I need a loan for kids college?
How do you say it nicely???
eeeooooo can you her me?
what was that song called???
summer jobs?
Can anyone tell me where?
How can u get a flat stomach?
HELP! I need Periodicals!?
is it that my ex doesn't want me anymore?
does anyone know any private landlords in the dover area?
Football help?
is there a statute of limitations for hot checks?
merit and demerit should be imposed towards enhancing teachers excellence?
Who is the finest male artist?
Are there any NEW Charmed episodes on and when?
what do you know about thailand?
Why are other religions does not permit blood transfusion?
why is japan so dusty?
What is a Russian space explorer called?
who here hates baseball?
Is sharapova dating anyone right now?
who is alen kay??
How many Bush hater's would actually?
Who likes gmail more than yahoo mail and why?
What does the last name, Cervantes mean?
How many moons does venus have?
My friend cuts, how can I help him stop?
chinese medicine?
Do u think Carly Olivia is a good baby girls name?
looking for addresses forAir Force training locations?
Looking for the northern kentucky senior games?
Where would I go to find Prison Break???
What is cat?
could u give your opinions?
How to get soft pubic hair?
dsl & cable speeds?
Can somebody send me more information on Cash Crate?
Black people are owed something!What are they owed?
apples or oranges?
Virus from AIM..HELP?
what year did canada implement national health care?
who is the seahawks reciever?
who sang shake,  body body dancer?
Regarding the Illegal Aliens.?
Where in the UK can Islamic clothing be bought?
what kind of doctor does stomach banding?
Is it possible to find true love online then how?
What can I do to stop grinding my teeth???
How long The Great Wall of China is in km ?
I the legal assistant career more suited for females or males.?
ummm..when is a bird not a bird?
So how long before the UK becomes the 3rd world?
How should I take effort to learn?
Is playing sports good for children?
Is there any other way to stop ocd than therapy?
what is the cause of irregular menstruation?
what´s the meaning of heitaret?
what Kind of good winning 8th grade project can i do ?
What is your occupation?
what is the voip internet telephone?
what products does england export?
How do I develop self confidence?
what am i to do?
How do i get back BADLY at my ex?
Xanga Problem?
what is the second largest city in Florida?
Is Honesty Always The Best Policy In Relationships?
How come my Republican Congressman has no pictures of himself with Bush?
i am trying to find a software that makes music?
What are they hiding?
What is project sunshine?
How to find the modal estimator?
I can't cross my eyes!!?
what are the top 10 songs?
Is Zionism a form of Racism?
What is the defference between whie and brown eggs?
why is it that black men have the biggest penises?
What do you call a woman with PMS and ESP?
Why do most earthquakes occur in  California?
is morris chestnut dead?
which magazine has a number of sexual pictures?
how can i get additions for a movie!?
What is the difference between day time sleep and night time sleep?
Is Bells Palsy associated with a stroke any?
why are my book 6 students the best?
what year was sulfur discovered in?
advantages of swimming?
Where can i find information on psychological disorders?
Windows Media Center?
can you give me example of Naturalist intellegence?
Wouldn't the world be a better place with out religion?
what are you wearing now? *non sexual Q*?
wat is the biggest river in the world ?
how many games out did the cubs finish in 1969?
what was the siren song?
how to kick a friend out whos stayed too long?
Why are so many women obsessed about other woman stealing their man?
why does my tooth still hurt?
Any ladies in Mass.? The Doctor is lonely :(?
What is teaching methodology in general?
whtas the most fun you had as a kid?
Where can I sell my old Navy uniforms?
Comments deleted on MySpace?
who wants cool forwards?
Why Is Jane Long Famous in Texas?
What is the funiest joke/riddle u no?
Actually I just wanted to say...?
Does anyone know what gay horses eat?
what exercises do i do to get rock hard abs?
do girls watch porn and masterbate?
Does anyone have an AIM screen Name???
i am looking for yellow pages of uk  in india?
I want to invest in mutual funds and in an IRA?
what type silver dollars to collect or invest in?
age percentages in our military?
what is the best way to loose weight fast?
i need other forms of the word struggle?
what can happen if you have sex more than often?
What was the number 1 song on jan 16 1978?
Did the lunar landings actually ever take place?
Why are the ladybugs trying to take over my house?
what problems does inductivism have?
Why is sh.it brown?
I have lots of Credit Cards?
what is a hydraseal?
Language development in children??
Colors, do we see them differently?
want to write a c program ??view deatails?
Nelly Furtado song...?
How can I burn 900 MB on one blank cd?
name 3 metals that have magnetic properties?? please help?
Ladies Clitoris or Epidermis?
is gravity stronger on the earth or on the moon and why?
Should I believe my husband?
What's the song from the F Word?
how to make good physique?
Does sweating burn calories and make you lose weight?
what is the piont of life?
Beneficial differences between Navy and Air Force?
Do you think Iran will pass the first round in WC 2006?
what day of the week was JFK assassinated?
how many pages for 1000 words and double spaced paper?
y2 + 6y - 247?
What is pipelining and its benefits in computer field?
Why are there such thing as computer viruses?
Will Yahoo!Answers end in December this year?
2006 WJC HOCKEY?
what happened to education?
Help me please???
How can I masturbate at home?
speaking of the weather......?
Is it better to be young and stupid or old and wise?
How do you become a sales associate for home developers?
Does anyone know where I can download...?
speeding ticket help?
Do u watch Dancing with the Stars?
what is democracy?(short answers)?
Whats a good community service project for my high school??
2 and 2 make how much?
how does a paper bag help hyperventilation?
Is Dark Water really a scary movie?
how old do freshwater carp live for ?
pictures ?
looking for a bbw to love?
I need a friend to talk too?
RAR Files?
Internet Explorer 7!?
what was the status of the civil rights movement movement during 1976?
what kind of disease is asthma?
Runescape players...?
How do I know if I have adult add?
What do ESL's do anyway?
At what age does the first amendment start to protect you?
Who is the world no one foot ball player?
why do people say the romans killed jesus?
why is triploblast more advanced than diploblast?
What is the opposite of centre?
Hilary Clinton. Is she or isn't she?
who was the best in ( friends)or who u favourite?
Can anyone tell me how can i be good at maths?
Does anyone love Led Zeppelin as much as I do?
looking for wolfpengap park in arkansas?
Why the earth rotate around the sun?
State the domain and range for 2x – 1.?
History help?
what can i do about my soulmate....?
I need help about a boy please!!?
I am looking for pictures of recent volcano activity in Hawaii.?
whats going on in the middle east?
Are you a virgin?
What if we are dead?
why does quantum physics and relativity hate each other?
sprained ankle?
what are the risk associated with the various marketing environment?
What comes after tertiary? what is fourth, fifth and sixth?
what happen to scrubs on tv?
Is he ready to call it quits?
what is wrong with you?
Do you think the BNP are posting questions on here?
What is the best/worst star trend of 2005?
In what country will the world cup be held in 2010?
Should Barry Bonds be banned from MLB for life?
Study habits and performance of students in the Science.?
Whats your reality show? and why?
why are the Spurs the best team in the NBA?
Which team won the world cup in 1966?
when was the television invented?
Finding a slope of a line?
Anyone want to IM me?I am really bored!?
what is your fav movie?
Who are the best attackers in Italy?
how is it there is just one God?
Anyone a Zoologist?
Why is the right lane the slow lane?
Which type of CDs are used for PlayStation 3?
What MLB pitchers have more career victories than Roger Clemens?
How do you say "Happy Birthday" in your language?
does she really love me deep in her heart?
What exactly did Popeye see in Olive Oil?
Which program is a good, free, movie maker and editor?
what do the colors of the polish flag represent?
What does "to spam" mean anyway?
What is your favourite song from the 80's???
How do you calculate wind chill temperature?
Radical Islamist terror--directed at whome?
What DO you look like?
Who is the greatest QB in University of Maryland history?
from where to buy sex toys?
Which southern state has the best woman?
NaOH + H2SO4?
Is it possible to lose 150 - 200 pounds in 1 year?
Please read if you speak latin?
where can i learn softball training tips for my daughter?
What is Hitler's first name?
What is the name of Ghana's current president?
Web page help?
What are your average download rates?
What were the things you liked least about the position?
how can i fight better?
Do you have any weird habits/quirks?
which sentence sounds natural?
Are you taking the Sept  06' LSAT?
brain cancer questions..?
what type of business is needed in taiwan?
Who else is from Samoa in the south pacific ?
What did you think of Clay AIken Last Nite/?
Women, Are you prepared for your retirement?
is water from the ocean cleaner than water from a pool?
What is the largest prime factor of 200?
Who is the best sevens rubgy player of all time?
This is serious..?
Do  I have to attend?
Who is this quote by?
Yoga truly is A Wonder  Cure?
Can the flag on the moon be seen from earth?
How can I convert a DVD to avi?
Taste metal from crowns?
what are sankey diagrams?
what different best friend guy and boy friend ?
weed brownies!!??
any fellow dental assistants around ?
Do you like to feel nails raking down your back?
Do Mexicans now see Mexico as the land of opportunity?
What record did Sehwag miss in the1st innings?
What CADD careers are there?
i whant another web site like loopnet?
What is the difference between quote and quotation?
i need confidence?
every word in spring vacation?
What do white men like about dating black women?
When i said potato fries, what did you think?
What was that song called?
Dragon Ball Z fight song?
Is thought an expression of entropy?
passing the background check for real estate license in ca?
summer events girls are into?
where can i get cheap copper from in england ?
Do you like Nelly Furtado?
what is something sweet to say to my girl?
Who is winning the Northern Iowa Georgetown game?
Why do some guys?
which requiem is your favourite?
Marine Corps ?
NiPpLeS (tits)?
would you rathor get your own room of own computer?
Where do all the datas in the Internet stored?
What do you think about Guatemala?
How do you get back an ex after 3 years?
do you know any wed sits to reading practice?
Are there any free/easy ways to advertise something?
Friends..or more?
hey all you smart people help me answer this?
have u read these books?
very important Question?
OK to play with ex????
Can stress cause brain hemorrhaging?
william gibson's paintball essay?
How many food calories are in a unit of blood?
How does one become a PC Technician?
Meeting his oldest and best mates?
Can you help me?
What are the latest health policies of Kuwait?
Potential?
I would like to know an England guy?
windows vista beta 1 key?
What is schochiometry?
what are the most attractive presents for women?
Laptop recharging?
What causes muscles to get stronger when a person exercises?
Girls, other than sex, do you ever get really wet?
Help me out here liberals...?
LADIES! Which is better???
Is it possible to have two OS running on the same PC?
How much money should i be earning at the age of 28?
who loves hawthorne hieghts?
Who is gonna win Manchester United Or Chelsea?
Anyone seen Colonel Sanders?
Why do people want the border fence to be "electrical"?
Who would win in a fight?
What is a Tibbar?? Any thoughts??
what is indirect and direct characterization?
What is your best or worst blind date story?
VOLTON vs. the car version who would win?
celebrity gossips and rumors are topics for the dumb?
Does the paparazzi piss you off?
bicycle frames??
assassination of aber ham lincon?
Balance My System?
Which of the following was a major economic argument for expansion?
What is the story behind Michael Myers in the Halloween movie series?
midterm election?
What is that WWE show on Saturday nights?
merry christmas everyone!?
Are their snow days in college?
wut is a cognitive inpairment?
Do all liberals want to make America better?
find a persons emain address at yahoo?
Who will get more TD's. Not yards.?
What is Patophysiology?
Will I ever get comfortable with my sexuality?
i lost my heart to a star ship trooper???
what causes muscles to twitch?
whether online job oppurtunities are real?
The Godfather The Game PC?
what are andalusian horses?
i worry about my  future?
What do guys think of women who ride motorcycles?
wireless networking?
Dateline Israel.    Is War Brewing Slowly With Iran?
How will we fix the nature problems of the world?
wear can i find the American asthma society home page?
What causes milky white mucus in eyes?
who was the first president of america?
Similar to the light bulb question.?
Whats up with truckers?
What are the requirements of becoming a real estate agent?
Anybody else think Johnny Depp is totally hot?
are there no cool people on this thing!?
how do you know when a guy cheating?
Who likes the Beatles?
computer help?
Am i like a brother to you?
What is the roster for the 1990 new york giants?
Is Hillary Clinton a suitable canidate for President.?
Is optometry a good profession?
How do recepter-antagonist drugs work?
What should I do to prevent tics?
Have you had your tubes tied?
You love math?
Community college assessments for English Language and Composition?
What is the least common factor of 432?
What is 51?
how do i get to yahoo chat room?
Is Jesus God?
Why are the bad words "Bad Words"?
If Russia attacked Turkey from rear, would Greece help?
why am i getting more hair in my body than before?
roles and career of the NCOs in the army?
Do animals weep?
Who is the best, Undertaker or Rey Misterio?
How do you get rid of hot flashes?
What is meant by presidential succession?
Where can I buy Computerworld magazine??
What are the rules of Curling?
What do you do if you like your best friends boyfriend?
Which is the most flexible joint in our body??
Who is Sonja Prell?
Do kings still exist in the world?
Do you know any life stream to watch WC on the Internet?
what is the diameter of the solar system?
what damages liver?
how gonna i change my first name?
Are there any running marathons in Salem in 2006?
what is AIM???
How to prevent dandruff and hairfall?
Bad real estate transaction????
a democrat wants to reinstate the draft?
National Honor Role Program?
Do all Christians believe that the Bible is inerrant?
Has America evolved into a fascist theocracy?
mark hunt     crocop     josh barnett?
Can someone tell me what to do when I get this message?
publishing?
Have you put the lotion on its skin?
Who is the  captain of Bangaladesh cricket team?
what is a red stamped five dollar note?
i still need help!!?
what are the finger lakes?
Best movie starring father/son actors?
why my computer screen always move up and down by it self?
how do you fix computer from freezing up and stalling?
charlton athletic nick name the Addicks why?
what is a convention center?
Does anyone believe that long distance relationships work out?
what is the fast way to loose weight???
what polymers are in the human body?
Can you name 10 famous worldwide product brands from Germany?
Idealized Heat Problem?
how do we kick-out  racism  in soccer?
is there anyway to email a phone without using messenger?
Do you have any phobias?
Rocky Mountain Ana's?
song lyrics for you lied by reba m .?
What do you do if your friend is really annoying?
like humans ,do plants and animals also have a soul?
What are your Top 20 Female Soccer Players?
problem please help?
How long does Effexor withdrawal last?
how do you spell simile?
answers to expresate textbook?
describe your philosopy of learning and/or education?
work out videos..do they work?
what is your favorite color?
How much salt is toxic to humans?
Do you think teachers have the right to paddle students?
Who designed the cuticle prep for Drosophila?
Will they exam my testicles for Canada Medical Checkup?
Does anyone know about date rape drugs?
front of heart vs. back of heart????
Space craft?
not freinds anymore?
what football team do u like??
Why are you a Christian?
how can calculate profit?
I'm looking for A male Gay Penpal?
How Much Should I Sell This Laptop Computer For?
Did anyone get caught in thee Central Line Madness this morning?
what are the differences between chemical reactors and product of the reaction?
Multi Currency Account as an investment?
What does adequate mean?
What is the difference between a topic and an issue?
I need help what is this song?
Have you ever received a chain letter?
banned weapons during world war 1?
how to make a long time friend fall in love with me?
huntington beach municipal codes, towing fees?
anyone know of a good lively Christian church in Osaka, Japan?
What is the best tested treatment for autistic children?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Why do Catholics pray through Mary and not Jesus?
Guys, Read & Answer??
What is aerodynamics? How does it work?
what dose pakieha mean?
How do rattle snakes communicate?
One-tenth of a 720 X 480 screen is what?
Looking for a specific font?
is it very important in medicine;to be a specialist?
points in favour of our mercy is our crime?
New husband wants to adopt my daughter from previous marriage.?
how I can get the best for my recommendations?
Did you know that Clark Kent and Superman are the same person?
how many players are there in a football team?
what is a boner?????
Could you help me find a career path?
What makes a rose petal so soft?
what does yid mean for tottenham fans?
how to repair audio car subwoofers?
how do you spell the spanish last name legerte?
how do you have sex?
Did the Army Reserve recruiter buy my personal information?
How often should good citizens communicate with their representatives in government?
Where can i find over the counter appetite suppressants.?
vitamins for sebborric dermatitis?
how many jews there are in israel?
How do fish urinate?
smallest bone in human bosy?
Soldering with Flux?
whats happening on 7th heaven????
The Big Crunch or...?
i want info on all types of property deeds .?
I am 14 and I weigh 95 lbs. is that normal?
who is the best entrepreneur in the world?
what diet will be appropriate for diabetes?
Sabres vs Carolina?
any good girls in kansas?
what annoys u the most from other people?
what do butterflies symbolize in the philippines?
how do you do this?
did scott seabol make the triple a all star roster?
Tommy Lee is Too HOT!?
how do you find the blue prince?
how do i change my  alternat e-mail address?
How easy is it to sue people?
Does GOD and SATAN really exist?
I need help installing a GFX card.?
can i kick ya!?
world record muskie?
Should I keep giving my 22 yr. old son money?
Are their any serious attempts to impeach President Bush?
could anyone please tell me?
why do men have nipples?
What is Parallax ?
What international dialing code is 86?
How do I unblock Yahoo groups from firewall at work?
anyone luv 2 play tennis frm pakistan?
Why cant I keep a conversation with women?
What is the function of the ovaries?
who discovered first that the Earth has a spherical shape?
What is Human faith? Should it be institutionalised?
When is a Three strike law applicable?
what's sex?
can u solve this?
how does one prove sexism in the workplace?
is it true that batista is 44??
Is Angelina Jolie's brother married or single or what?
Brused ribs?
what constellations did the greek see?
I need money for college and i have a big problem?
Which is the best Digital Voice Recorder under 200$?
does anyone watch house?
Does anyone use ClearWire as a ISP?
What in the hell was he thinking?
A multi-part question:?
Where do u get vocabulary in mp3?
So what do you have planned for the weekend?
Can you solve this riddle?
what is the work of eyebrows?
Does Alex Borstein make you randy?
do Hawaiians feel like there turning Japanese?
what is TP?
Do guys actually dance salsa?
what are the basic values of life?
How can I find out about grant workshops?
what are environmental effects caused by road construction?
can u help me with the astar scholarship?
causes of death in teh UK?
guy trouble....need advice?
locations in california to get tax forms?
would you help me plz?
have u ever pooed ur pants?
are there any sexual side effects with taking lexapro?
how does one become a prostitute?
please give me some points on dating a women?
Spongebob Squarepants Movie?
During a solar eclipse,?
How do I cure hiccups?
whos your favorite NASCAR driver and why?
help!!! football question.....?
What is brain concoction ? cure?
Do you know HAMARSHA means?
whats is veal?
What were you wrong about today, if anything?
What does everyone think of women who deer hunt?
Is sask wheat pool a good thing?
Islamic Hospice in North America?
Why does Nelly wear that band-aid?
How can the Processor get its pins broken?
I know God is listening.....?
What's worse?  Physical or Mental Pain?
Is it cheating???
why are orcas called killer whales?
university staff job satisfaction?
help me plz on my h/w?
The Count of Monte Cristo.?
where is BITS-Pilani?
How long did it take you to finish college?
How can the weight of Earth be determined?
What is Pele's mothers name ?
Does throwing up affect blood alchohol content?
New England Patriots?
who believes that unicorns once existed?
can immigration do this?
how do you distinguish an asteroid from a star?
is tiger woods left handed?
why is every animal different?
Why don't churches put up homeless people during the night?
Im 15 can I have a boyfirend?
what does select manager on raw 2 do?
strong guidelines in understanding women behavior?
how can i help a Innocent man in jail?
favorite simpsons quote?
What % of Americans have 2 and 4 year college degrees?
Does the internet impact society?
How do I convert VHS to dvd?
How do you lessen a bloated stomach???
how do i set up an email account with yahoo?
Have you ever suffered from verbal?
What next???
Where should I get the detail of a Root named Chanchu?
i asked whould you date me?
hey guys Physics Help (projectile motion)?
How to convert  a single row into multiple rows using SQL?
Looking for song title and group (80's):?
Does debt consolidation have any negative effect on your credit rating?
How long does it take the IRS to audit you?
are diets bad?
how will these prisoners survive?
Are there any drug tests that find prescription pain medications?
Is it true that Jesus was white?
Which is more dangerous a crocodile or an alligator?
what is dexamethane steriod?
Do you hurt easily, then not suffer well?
how to clean old tile floor (home made cleaner)?
Who's the best rock bass player?
Who likes Jethro Tull?
what saved Jamsetown from extiction?
what should you do if your friend is 2 faced???
can this work?
Is there a sum of all fears?
Free Spanish lessons?
how do you get your video to download through a firewire?
why do sikhs don't cut their hair?
Know of any websites?
What is the purpose of  job specification?
pictures of mexico with funny sayings?
Missing aunt?
At what age should parents let their child date?
I need Female to female help, do you have this problem?
what is the meaning of 'microns'?
Where is Cindybin hanging out these days?
name 2 types of transmutations.?
Sole proprietorship?
chronomics?
who created the earth?
How do you get your picture on myspace?
what is benefit of being pizza delivery man?
Satellite in an eliptical path? question below?
I am looking for Network Security Websites.?
college algebra help?
Does glucosamine work for osteoarthitis?
Where's your favourite holiday destination?
Business Grant Instruction?
Need some help plz...?
what are uses of zinc oxide and zinc metal?
How do I win with so much pressure?
how often do you go to confession?
what french solider led colonists in the revolutionary war?
How do we achieve world peace?
20 of the bad gus in world history?
HELP!!! Song suggestions!?
what should i do...?
I have lots of Hair on my Chest..?
elvis layout?
How much you Believe  in soul?
Can you answer this one?
Ok I voted, Now can I complain?
Can I watch the first 5 minutes of hoodwinked ?
what are the two Geocaching websites?
Anyone C X-Men 3 yet?
The Second Coming?
What is the minimum wage in New Jersey?
What is P!nk's real name?
What should I make out of this?...?
i dont know..what do you think?
How i return my password?
how do u get to paass science?
What is 'White Coal'?
Real love; can it be POSSIBLE?
What do Chinese common people think of Europeans?
What are your plans for the weekend?
Deep Throating or not?
What is HD Radio? Is it like HDTV?
Is their any side effects when you tie your tubs?
What is the defination of frozen food?
what is viewcan.com?
In television script writing, what does "High Concept" mean?
are these juvenile questions worth answering?
Does  fiber rope have a greater tensile strength than metal?
Opinions  about Nasutra?
Illegal immigration in the US?
Does any body have information about Morgan Le Fay?
Redskin Coaches?
Favorite cartoon or character and why?
Ideas for improving eye vision?
Simeon the First See details?
Does an SSRI show up in a urinalysis?
nursing community colleges in springfield mass.?
What if toothpaste causes cavities?
name the Asian countries participating in Germany 2006?
Bill Clinton and details?
Why are immigrants, especially Meixicans want US Citizen rights?
What shoul I do?
where are the mahatamagandhi's slogans?
chemistry help?
how can you beat piss tests?
i  have a pretty  face  but not a good  body?
what is a pond ecosystem?
Are you a TOLERANT ATHEIST?
how often do u check ur email?
Where can i get crushed abalone pills?
what is hotfix and generic host process?
Is China still a communist country?
where can i report illegal immigrants?
what's reggae?
How do I update my smartboard software from the net?
I have a question about circumcision??
Whats better force recon or navy seals?
whose fault is this?
Do I need a phone line in order to have DSL?
Should I still be hoping?
what causes abnormal uterine bleeding at age 35?
Do ya'll know who Beetlejuice really is?
Need music?
Why do you Fish?
Americans can we all do this Negate The Boycott?
What is the normal calorie intake for a child?
What is your favorite sport and why?
jesus is all about love.?
is anyone intersted in...?
How old was Hulk Hogan when he entered the WWF?
Whats 2+2???
Please help me!! Computer problems!!?
what are the top ten questions to ask when buying a bar?
Boobs ever been so sore?
although austria and switzerland finished in?
why does everyone else's drama have to ruin my night?
does the dye Yellow 5 actually kill sperm?
What is the origin of the phrase...?
what should i do?
importance of pharmaceutical industry?
Whats the longest name ever spelled out in the snow?
are most stores and attractions open on thanksgiving?
market research survey?
is there any difference between NTP and STP?
What was the cause of the Punic wars?
I need a boyfriend.?
Is Bush loyal to America?
Alt. rock song help?
wht did the bald eagle become a symbol?
How is the great depression different from now ?
Who Can Guess The Score Between Italy And Ghana ?
How do you stop self mutilating?
how much can you be suid for in a circuit court?
what is the biggest bridge in the world?
What is Burke's disease?
What is a Sexual Predator.?
does anyone know..?
New user.Help?
Did you know that......?
Why and how chameleon changes colour?
where are the terminals on a digital clock, or watch?
is there a free clerical pre-employment practice test?
what should i do ?:friends with benifits?
Do Mysogonists have a point?
what information do you include in a reinsurance borderaux?
What happened to the new home page, it was great.?
How can money change peoples life?
are testies equal in size for guys?
How do you recieve your email on your cell phone?
How can trust be regained?
How do you clear your browsers cache ?
I need the miami ink website?
Who should be the next president in your country?
what is a freak?
I see lots of sex questions here..?
process of how a penny gets rusted?
Ukraine vs. Switzerland?
Does anyone know anything about the human genome project?
Is the War in Iraq appreciated by the people that live there?
who sings this and whats the title?
where i can find loan without socio security number?
Who will get Ty Law?
Is there any one to have a nice friendship with me?
What do you think about this?
why are there thunderstorms?
is Boston University the same as M.I.T.?
Service timetable for St Josephs Church Hartlepool?
Who invented the airplane?
are smaller buisness better for the us?
Why should I choose god in my life?
What do you think about Dee Dee Ramone?
How fast is a pit stop in Nsacar? Really?
I am  looking for information on OK Laws for deprived children.?
Does PA have a rear seat seatbelt law for under 18?
what is object-oriented technology?
Whats the big deal over Miley Cyrus??
Is prop 86 in california unfair?
Do you like Alanis Morissette?
i cant control my anger:(?
Who is your favorite Detroit Piston's player?
What to do!!! Plzzzz Help?
what is your favorite chris brown song?
what is a good website for measurement conversions?
how can i get women phone number?
where can i get sand art supplies in houston?
Can a mutual fund invest its fund in another mutual fund?
Marry or not no. 2?
whats the name of this song?
What does the Senate and the House of Representatives do?
Can I View Deleted History & Cookies?
what telephone companies provide local, land line service to my area?
Who made the internet ?
Are housecats considered social or non-social animals?
Does Michael Vick have herpes?
Permutations - Math?
What are the cree nations values?
What is a good exercise to lose weight?
What Are The Best Ways To Put Weight On ?
Looking for a job - can you suggest a headhunter?
How Do I delete WebSites I have been on?
what is the probability?
Why is hockey game so popular in North America?
In the show Sister, Sister, who did Lisa marry?
who do u think that will win the uefa cup?
Do girls in America like foreign accents?
is stonehenge a time machine?
if u were abused  what would you do?
Are shorts inappropriate?
What's the stupidest line in a movie?
Who is the patron saint of basketball?
When will Hong Kong has universal suffrage?
how much on average does it cost to have a baby?
Why can't women park cars as well as men?
Should celebrities get paid when doing promotional work for charities?
World Cup 2006 = Poland?
Have u ever been fired from a job and why?
What is the basic meaning for  imposing the sentence?
How can I get traffic to my entertainment blog?
Time skip?
What is your favorite Seifeld Quote?
how my claim is giong for ssi?
what is a lumberjacck match ?
Why do brits?
How can a men get a woman?
I want to loose weight can somebody suggest some tips?
Recent science and technology breakthroughs. (pictures and articles)?
Is it possible to wash flaxseed pillows?
What do other Christians think of Evangelicals?
where can i demo a tennis racquet?
Shouls I practice homosexuality? I am muslim?
how to make a new comic appeal to today's audience?
What are some your favorite quotes?
Green Party?
Which player has been the worst buy this premiership season?
Does anybody know a good employment agency for teachers in Houston area?
When was the vice president cabinet created?
Where can Viagra be purchased at a reasonable price??
what is a swatch company?
math peeps?
Sex on tv?
scary ouija board question?
what is john qincy adams state bird?
Does Piracetam interact with Adderall?
why earth have a magnetic field? how?
What is the atomic makeup of the universe?
Webpage Basics?
what is the structure of the central vacuole?
do people leave on antarctica?
What is a reputable online pharmacy with low prices.?
Is there anyone thinking of converting to Islam?
how do you know if you're bi curious?
all dinosaurs have four?things in coomon!?
why not make beckham sub for next game?
how do you get points on this yahoo thing?
is there anyway to get celeb autographs for free?
name the three states that have the most electoral votes?
consecuencias amfepramona?
Please help!.....?
Maths homework.?
What are the duties of a hygiene coordinator?
What are scopes of chemical engineering?
Do you feel safe?
Who's gonna win the SuperBowl??
who do u think will be in dx?
is it good to have a sex with your girlfriend?
The universe?
what do guys typically look for in a girl ?
how much different would the country be?
who is the best frined?
What is the difference between partly sunny and partly cloudy?
anyone else have a pacemaker?
what is called a blue tooth technology?
Guys answer this!?
what is prism?
which year did women get voting rights in USA and in Canada?
what are the different types of aeronautical engineering courses?
What are the units in the 11 dimensions of strings theory?
what does the ninth amendment mean in plain english?
seriously, what rights do 14 year olds have?
Would you like to come to Romania?
Is civil war inevitable in Iraq?
Refs and Brazil 2 - Ghana 0?
word list memorizing game?
what's your worst date like?
Airsoft Guns...?
maoist and cruel monarchy !?
What is the molecular formula of this compound?
What are the symptoms of schizophrenia?
Q: Why is pee yellow and sperm white?
What qualities to Ivy leagues or equally exceptional colleges see?
Can I do this on e-bay?
What is the difference between pool and 9 ball?
What is conservative about doubling the national debt in five years?
detox from oxy?
what are the physiological responses to warm up during football training?
Do you have sandra bullock's email?
World Cup Fantasy Football?
do you like mugglecast?
How to stay calm and cool at my work place?
what do i say on the first call ?
Looking for a free download for an audio recorder?
Why cant you????
period of oscillations?
What is the one thing you couldnt live without??
I can not view pages that are secure.?
Do you think I have Ovarian Cancer?
Would you rather be a midget or a giant?
why do we right a business letter?
I need DVfilmaker program?
Is there any practice books for UN exams?
who actually came first the chicken or the egg?
what singer is your role model and why?
what is the meaning of SUBHANSHU?
What's a scroll lock button for?
Whose buying Sugarland:Enjoy the Ride today?
can anyone suggest where i can get video about earthquake?
Grunge anybody?
tell me some good western movies?
Ultrasound question?
does anyone have any good advice about advertising on google?
How do you say hello in Gaelic?
What is an American?
What are the dangers of eating too much sugar?
What factors effect the price of gold?
Whats your Birthday & sign ?
How can I copyright a product?
Name That Song!?
What would be your ideal lover?
who is the most beautiful girl in a wohle world?
Look here!!!?
Are you gellin'?
Im visiting Japan what do I need to know.?
Is it true ?
What's the difference between a brand and trademark?
What are the benefits of a purple heart?
Which Indian golf player is playing a for the Asian Masters?
what are some ideas for a mini presentation?
What Color Should I Die My Hair?
what causes white frothy secretions?
what is a number that is subtracted from another number called?
Is interest on car leasing deductible?
Floridians!!!?
how to make new online friends?
Creedence Clearwater Revival reunion at wedding in 1980?
Why isnt thre a category for stoners?
is he good boyfriend????
Who is Amala Singh? What he wants from others?
Prison Break?
What languages are spoken in Brazil ?
how would you kill yourself if you are to chicken about pain?
What is UNFPA?
women, do shower heads give the best orgasms  ?
Is it OK if I slap God real good?
Muslims......?
how to determine what version your pci slot is?
Deleting Cookies?
What would you rate these two people? 1-10?
eating something from a chickens but?
Whats the best music to work with during Reiki therapy?
Unscramble this word into two words?
has anyone tried casting a spell and it worked?
What country is next Olympics?
what do you do for a living?
Why do the English spell differently than Americans?  Colour vs color?
why people like to have life partner?
Does anyone know about the war in bangladesh in 1971?
can two people with straight hair have a child with curly hair?
Can I play with madness?
Bad Breath?
Has anyone done the Jenny Craig Diet?
what is my name?
Tom Glavine for  Cy Young?
Do you believe in Christmas miracles?
what the meainig of Neural Networks?
a green energy from the sun?
What is a natural diuretic besides caffiene?
How to over come work stress?
i can not doanload yahoo messenger from internet?
Impersonating a Lawyer?
In Greek mythology who holds the world on his shoulders?
im overweight a lot... i need help please?
trying to find out about Brendan Shannahan?
Normally till what age does a girl can gain height?
i have a presentation due in a week?
when did they change the ball and why?
swinging clubs- denmark?
what is a zip code?
Bearshare?
We,ve known eachother for so long!?
do you like john cena?
how many litres are there in 1m/tons ?
Isn't it time we brought back the Spanish Inquisition?
why love makes problem for most of us?
I am a mortgage broker looking to network where can i start?
who should scotland fans support in the soccer world cup?
who are the thre best forward in foot ball in 2006?
chemical question?
is it right to publish islam cartoons?
where i find a river with out water?
who watches wwe if you do answer?
What's a good job for me?
where can I learn to speak luxembourgish?
The past is why i have this question now!?
Name a famous captain?
whats a good saying to put on a t-shirt?
what can i do to get motivated?
why is diet coke addictive?
what advantage gained by staining cells?
factoring binomials and trinomials?
What does cap or caps mean in football (soccer)?
harvard and graduate school.?
How can I disprove heaven?
What' s the meaning of "speedos"?
Hard money loans in Louisiana?
read below?
how can i enhance my penis.?
Asteroid belt: an exploded planet?
what kind of sports u like?
where can I find  sprint commercial?
What does the term "black humor" mean?
How do I delete words listed in "search web"?
can anyone tell about a famous quote on life or happiness?
Please help me...?
The good samaritan?
What are the different structures of a red blood cell?
is he in love?......?
how do i get cut up?....?
Cocaine and Cepacaine?
Which TV channel will show live the game Arsenal-Juventus?
Can anyone help me with this Optimization problem?
Is the surname Garrison a jewish surname?
how do you last longer in bed?
what are major employment laws in singapore?
help me to speed up my PC.?
How was everbodies Father's Day?
Are the stories and people on the Maury show true?
how can I restore a deleted E-mail ?
sometimes do you think you fun out of queations?
in Malaysia when was maxis first discovered?
what are the laws governing chemical change?
Is there a name for the second New Moon in a month?
I think bibles should have parental warning labels, do you?
Why do women read cosmo?
what is the cosmological constant?
Why do you think communication is an important part in the design?
I'm looking for fellow insect lovers?
who do i tell militay clock time?
do guys like outgoing girls or slutty girls?
To have ultimate power would you do anything to obtain it?
how to make your boyfriend's birthday very special?
Whats the biggest # you know?
invisible msn name?
What would be the ultimate starting offensive roster?
do boxers hate each other since they  hurt each other?
old ideas human cerebral ventricles?
how do you take crankarms off bicycle?
what is a network key?  And where do I find it?
Question about 666?
How is the intensity of hurricanes identified?
public health training in Ireland?
What are your final thoughts before take-off?
pretty or not?
What is the mark of the beast?
Is there a way to get skinny legs?
what do I need to be able to play ogm files?
my sister is mean to me.what do I do?
What is better, cycling, running, or jogging?
Who has seen "Medical Investigation"?
what is an island republic?
Phenylalanine??
Is this true????
isn't it really funny...?
when can child support be with held?
What do you think about football free agency this year?
What are the importance of economics?
How much does the US love Israel?
how i get ticket of germany for watching match?
Another question? URGeNT!?
what are the french gods and goddesses?
People please answer.?
Has anyone heard of the Basal Temperature Test?
Would you vote for Oprah as president?
Which is the best College/University for doing MBA in Canada?
What software is best for video editing?
MicroSoft Word?
Who is Vasil Levski???
what was the name of the old asylum in zanesville?
Can someone please help me write a positive poem about Oprah?
long distance problem?
what does grading on the curve mean?
What is Blockbuster's mission statement?
What do Christians think of Evangelists?
anybody can gimme Aaron Carter's songs?
What do Muslim extremist actually want??
how to delete history off google?
Anyone pursuing a degree via online distant education?
what is the difference in the size of a saxophone mouthpiece?
why don't men wear condoms in porn movies?
How has God changed your life?
What is the meaning of life?
The Digital Paradise Inc.?
how doy you know if a boy likes you?
What is the method of doing domain base networking?
Outlook brackets problem. Can anyone help?
Where the ball used in world cup made from?
What is Texas State law on underage sex?
where can i read university books online??
are sports dangerous to man?
what is best friendship or love?
Who likes the WB show Pepper Dennis?
was the movie million dollar baby a true story?
Natural born perverts?
Is Alex Smith the answer at QB for the Niners?
whats the best way to lose 15 pounds fast?
if god already existed what did he do before he created everything?
who`s smarter republicans or democrats?
Who are you?
what is the name given to a non erapting volcano?
How do you get........?
What are economic indicators?
what is the definition for aloof?
Does anybody desire true Revival in the US?
Very good reason?
Where do you like to be kissed most?
how is velvet made?
Who absolutely love Buffy the Vampire Slayer?? I am !?
How do I truncate sql transaction log?
what is protocal?
Does freedom demand responsibility?
submodular matrix?
what are muscle spindles and what do they do?
Leaf Blowers - good or evil?
wats the name of that punk band?
what is a company holders ?
i need some good sites for nile Crocodile pictures?
how to score with tawnee stone?
Where can I find an good Labor Attorney?
Slowest MLB player ever?
What should you do if you want chinese food?
10pts. for correct answer-Whats my best skater?
What two bands are Guns n Roses made up of?
How many people in the US are learning Chinese?
another vocabulary word for angry/mad.?
what are micro photonics?
What is "Being Black"?
Physics Problem?
Do you like John Cena?
Politically who am I?
whats the best way to talk to kids?
Can you simply Chat on Yahoo! Answers?
Will someone explian the theory of the Iron Triangle?
How big is too big?
how this happens?
Should I consider this offer?
Where can I find information on Arctic Animals?
Is it normal for my boyfriend not to want sex?
Many microorganism can tolerate extremes of temperatures how?
how did harriet tubman die?
what is non-recourse liability?
in which city will the 2006 World Cup Final be held?
English team European rankings. Worth a laugh.?
Zune album art not working?
my  37Find the complement of y.?
I would like to know strength and weakness of European football?
how can i find out what shoes a NBA player wears?
What is the cost of setting up a satelite channel?
how do u change the background on myspace webpage?
A physics or engineering question?
do guys like emo girls who are in a band?
what is lil wayne's favorite stuff?
how old are you ?
are any of yous into jamie lynn spears?
Lightning Protection Systems?
Is the housing boom over in the DC Area?
Where is a good website to listen to a free radio station?
Do you believe in Darvin theory of evolution?
when filing your income taxes can you claim your husband /wife?
do you want TEN big POINTS?
Ladies, explain the pattern.?
do employers always ask to see a college transcript?
New to songwriting. Royalty and other payments help please!?
Breaking News. First Premiership manager to leave?
is limewire actually dangerous?
girls,why breast hurt and getting bigger  before period?!?
How do you build your own PC?
how do i stop some one from stealing?
Does anyone know about Chinese Exorcism?
Does anyone know Fall Out Boy's Fan Mail address?
Can you be spiritual without believing in religion?
Large clotting, should i use tampons instead?
the best way to lose weight?
who is better master piece or Carlito?
I need to know all there is to know about ocean zones?
if u had to chose wa film character would u b?
Do somebody know sites with free, different ,cool programs?
Windows XP service pack 2?
LEXMARK or HP?
Best footballer in the world? Currently playing?
Does the media reflect societal attitudes on gender?
What is the Republican Liberty Caucus ?
Does anyone else love scuba diving?
looking for info about cerval cancer?
A question about 'Neighbours'?
Does appearnace affects job promotion?
when Will the u.s. leave from Iraq?
How much money does a race car driver earn in NASCAR?
Some hippie songs? Bands?
Who loves walmart?
what is the meaning of this word?
how do i get copyrights for a slogan?
what does tiger woods new yacht look like?
how do you decide between 2 guys who you should like?
What is the average height for a 6 year old?
What are the chances of 2nd transplant rejecting?
A How Would You Poll?
what 4 pistons wore number 1  on their jersey?
What is the contact number of the official Saudi Human Rights agency?
who likes balck people?
what is police community relation?
search for a long lost friend?
what do I talk about??
How can I acquire strontium aluminate?
Two bad knees, martial arts a bad idea?
what is the difference of rugby and American football?
I will like to send my daughter to study medical in Russia?
how do you make the first move with a guy?
why is pizza purple?
What should I Do??????
why is the sky blue?
How do you get  videos on your i-pod video?
Why do babies have to come out head first?
Who is Ish Kabibble?
paper is held on 16 th jan ?
where and at what time are the fairs at?
Is hummus fattening?
why girls are more emotion than boy?
Do you know of any good preschools in Monterey CA?
has anybody tried sharperbrain program does it work?
is banana  tree or a Herb or what family it belongs to?
Is it possible to warp/bend "empty" space?
which it the best digital art web site?
help with gear ratios?
How does a vacuum work?
who has the fastest service in tennis?
Do you need more cowbell?
Should we impeach Bush for lying about the CIA leak?
When do most people start having their period?
Have u ever been to Dixie Speedway in Woodstock, Ga?
How do you forget someone so close to you?
What subject to you hate in school?
Have you ever been discriminated against?
I'm planning on buying a new guitar?
Please help?
what is the best way to study for tests?
where do i go to see flav o love?
how do i delete windows 98?
Are YOU racist ?? pls answer...?
From experience, is ordering products online safe?
help me response to these songs?
simplify 4 -3/4?
What cause quarks and squarks to move?
Florida or UCLA?
Do people still use the term "rock on"?
should arsenal have sold viera?
How many black holes are there in each galaxy?
how many people went hunting \nthis year?
What are the qualities needed to become a successful stock broker?
When did congress start thinking about building a capital or federal city?
Do you like fuse or mtv more?
how do i wrap coins in those coin wrappers from banks?
maximum distance of dropwire for adsl service?
where does zac efron live?
don't you think grace should win big brother?
Are elephants really afraid of mice?? Provide sources!?
which is the best site to listen english songs online?
To all good drivers...?
where can one see tamil actresses and hindi actresses?
What Does Beta Refering to software mean?
The Black Ned Flanders...is he worth it?
What should I do?  My husband takes me for granted.?
Would you choose true love or 100 million dollars?
Where can find a liability relase form?
Let us worship Superman as our Savior?
Live Luscious or Live Long?
Light bulb costume!!!!?
Who will win Switzerland or Ukrain?
is the burmuda triangle real?
How do you modify the microsoft outlook?
when might humanitarian intervention be justified?
Do daphnia live in an environment of stress?
Does anyone celebrate Towel Day?
is it thanksgiving today?
over seas child support help.?
what do you do when your boyfriends cheats on you?
who is walter cal disher?
who is Lisa Nova ?
So has time been going fast or slow for you lately?
The Bad Gift?
Is George W. Bush the most hated person in the world?
does anybody want to send me some money?
Russian women?
Didn't Jesus Christ challenge the religious teachings of his day?
Do you prefer a big party?
Does sex HAVE to be involved in a relationship?
Can you beat high blood pressure without drugs? If so how?
Who are the most annoying group of people in the world?
who is the wealthiest person in the world?
how does it feel kissing a boy or girl?
is acid in table salt?
how can i build good credit quick?
I have 4 page Essay to write please help me?
Tesosterone and oestrogen affected by alcohol?
What is the population of Pakistan?
The first Goal of Play? when? where? against ?
what's kevin garnett's wingspan?
is there a cure for lepers?
what should i do to have six pack ?
A really good science project!?
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
What does it mean when people say they have high metabolism?
How do I use a detailed scorebook for baseball?
how to make O3?
Is this proof that 1+1=3?
Do you know what a Baha'i is?
Have you used a WiFi Skype phone?
any one like the red sox?
does anybody know any good websites?
how do you make another person fall in love with you again?
what are the new testament implications of the tabernacle?
where do i find qualfying results for nascar?
hello?help me!!?
What does the seal of the prophets mean?
Who helped the Christians and Jews?
i am a big girl and i want to lose weight?
Why does the media want us to lose?
What time is sunset on the East Coast April 12, 2006?
whats your favorite movie and why??
what do guys see in skinny girls?
how I can make six legged robot to turn left and right?
Do you beleive in the Bible code?
What's??? Help me plz?
who where the first people/person that invented soccer?
Does the type of housing people live in effect their political participation?
What time does BET Black College Tour come on?
height of miro sorvino?
taller could it b?
Pope Benedict XVI belongs to which country?
Acceleration Problem?
What do you think about illegal immagration?
give at least one latest invention now?
what are the sources of elements found in seawater?
what does PS means in messages ?
Can someone explain evolution to me?
how long did you do this before you raised a level?
If i ask a serious Q about a silly subject?
what does e or ecstasy do to you?
why does the sky change colors?
How can I conserve breath/energy while demonstrating long forms?
what are coladapins?
how a computer and its hardware works?
Is hubble's constant really a constant?
How to make my free forum Search Engine Searchable ?
Are denominations within Christianity necessary?  Support your answer.?
looking for old posters from swan soap?
Who loves Everyone Loves Raymond?
where can I find child support rates for Ohio?
How are 10 year old girls suppose to act in your opinion?
Did you watch/enjoy the movie High School Musical?
I'm having trouble downloading yahoo messenger?
why is that everybody is mad at me?
How does small businesses play a role in reducing crimes?
What are some good places to camp in central or southern Arizona?
Are you gay?
what amino acids in a protein are particularly reactive toward heavy metals?
How does Sun benefit by promoting java?
Looking for honest answers from military people please?
What's the amount of space an object takes up?
What Golfers have shot a triple eagle?
sun's angle?
2 guys 1 party?
can u tell me some good romantic classical movies to watch?
what is  tables??
Is your pharmacist cute?
how long is a 9mm handgun?
Do any of you people blog?
why did praveen kill Pramod mahajan?
Am I unfair?
which is better rugby or hockey?
Who was the England manager in 1966?
where do flower shops get their roses?
What is your FAVORITE part about Christmas?
Do you sleep with your eyes open?
please help?
where are goldenlangur found in?
who is the best whigger?
I am confused about what I should do Please Help Me?
Difference between Nested PCR and Realtime PCR?
what causes a typoon to form?
why can t people under 12 enter a yahoo chat?
what is being descent mean in today's society?
Is Mohammad a Prophet ?
Miami Hurricanes?
how can i find wwe superstars email addresses?
What genre is this song?
Does anyone have lyrics for the Matt White Band?
How can Jesus not be God and yet still ruler and creator?
DVD burner in dell laptop?
Whats the best way to get nice abs?
What is your signature dish?
OBCESS...... help!?
can you help me about my son's ipod?
how to write an accounting procedures manual?
Do you think most democrat politicians honestly support gay rights?
how to change environment varibles in linux?
How can i understand Trade Finance from banks view point?
Why do people classify themselves?
Can someone tell me about the Armenian Genocide?
Who will win the Senate race in MO?
I need three major historical events for England.?
can you help me?
Is 0.9 recurring equal to 1?
Is the report below really true?
How can u tell when a girl likes you?
Only answer this question if...?
CINGULAR Virtual Crew Chief  Contest?
How did the janitor get on Verizon wireless?
name some chemists?
whats are the treatments of a fracture?
What's your favorite South Park episode for Season 9?
Do you love your job or do you want to quit it?
wow! this is buffon!!!?
whose behind 9/11?
where can i hire a wrangler in uae?
how is valency related to the number of electrons?
What's the "beta" means?
What are the thick and thin parts of a tie called?
The letter P...?
Is it illegal to kill seagulls in Florida?
the best hyip program that can be trusted?
I broke up with my boyfriend. what do i do?
recommendations for dermatologists in atlanta?
teleportation?
What kind of clothes do Ethiopian Americans wear to church?
Who is Brett Favre?
how to make a stink bomb?
workout tips?
Quebec its own nation?
what is the best?
how do i find out who my neigbours are?
Is a bank account needed to cash checks?
I need a Break in retail industry ?
its my birthday!                                                                                           ?
Who succeeds president & vice president if they both die?
would you get sick if???
Does any 1 have some helpfull fishing tips for trout.?
how is the wather right now ?
Molarity of Remaining Reactant?
how can i make my friendster profile look beautiful?.?
Was anybody born on November 13th?
What is macrogol 8000?
What is the best way?
is Jamie Durie Gay?
what is the story of the bollywood film Krish?
lists of 24 senators of the philippines?
Who watches the world cup matches?
Why on earth people do MBA?
To my fellow Jehovah's Wtnesses?
What songs sound cool backwards?
what do you think the name chelsea means?
what does LOL mean?
who was the crim that made las vegas?
Where put copy the code in myspace??
My sister problem part 2?
Why do whales beach themselves?
Why did we need heroes.?
How have you changed the world today?
Does Iran have the right of continuing its nuclear programs?
i think i need help?
Is 51 kg okay for a 13 year old girl?
How did the following Bible characters die:?
which wrestlers entrance music is your favourite?
how to listen downloaded temp audio file?
Looking for Willow Creek attenders in DuPage County.?
Mel Gibson for Governor of NY????
Whats your favourite film?
what advise would you give?
I want a free layout maker?!?!?
numerical problems based apon thenvin'theorem?
does any 1 think god  has to real daughters in this world?
Anyone for blonde counselling?
You ready for some music trivia....?
Am I A Bad Person If......?
Should I stay or late go?
what are the main problems facing our community today?  UK.?
what is the G -spot and where is it located?
what part of the day do you take your shower?  Why?
What are some special ways to celebrate a first wedding anniversary?
how do i download a used lexmark scanner?
do u prefer it male or female?
why only 25% of companies nationwide sell product via the internet?
Here's a joke for ya!?
What happened and who was at Pentecost?
I need with Algebra!?
Tell me some funny jokes, plz!!!?
Why do frog legs cost so much at fine dining places?
Is Ayahuasca illegal in UK?
what can i do if...?
How old is Andy Milanokis?
skiing or snowboarding?
Why does bush scratch his head as if he is thinking?
Can animals be baptized?
You're not making any cents....?
Are there any genuine psychics?
AOL   (twx aol service)?
what is toothpaste made of?
How the engine of F1 car is started?
Why does a white man...?
why islam?
Why am I up here and you down there?
US history: american isolation in early cold war?
how to boot minimum windows XP?
What makes you scream?
How to read excel data by VB?
Patrick Roy needs your help?
Can Exercise Help Reduce Cellulite ?
why am i so freaking fat?
How does an alarm clock work?
Marine Bio Classes?
to the guys...?
what's the district code of wichita unified district?
who do u think will win the cup?
Raul on transfer?
How do deal with  the growing summer heat in mumbai?
Collection of photos of public unflushed toilets?
Why do french fans write in CAPITALS ?
Who is the head of the legislative branch of congress?
advanced Probability problem. Can someone solve it?
What hardships did pioneers face?
Why cant I forward an e mail message?
why do guys find breasts attractiv?
can a woman break your heart,  but still love you?
give me answer first and explain ill give u best answer!?
How do I get bigger muscles?
what was the cause of ukrainian famine?
what is photosysnthesis?
What is the second largest French speaking city in the world?
what is the income tax rate in the US?
how was the champion in 2006 in bike racing?
How many of ya'll like dirt track races?
Who gets service medals for overseas service in British army?
what is the oldest silent film?
Do you all believe in Santa Claus? Is he real?
What do you like to do on weekends?
indisputable in a sentence?
how do we save the world?
What is tribbing?
Anyone know of any statistical studies done on stop signs?
what can cause a volcano to have a huge eruption?
WHy do certain people have fetishes?
Which team has the world's most expensive Goal Keeper?
What is the unkillable .01%?
Why can we kill virus. What is the reason?
Help? Jealousy Problem.?
What happens to medical oxygen cylinders with a psi under 200?
do u eny cool facts about wind power??
Do you believe rape is just about power?
What is it with all the religious people here?
Do you think that the education system could be changed?
what does the united states secert service do?
Any good AJAX tutorials out there?
Do you have any ideas for my thesis?
What is photo karma????
How many???
what's wrong with animal testing?
Stats related?
how do i find a certain notary public?
Why are some Christians so ingorant?
Three things that can MAKE a man/woman?
what is not okay to say in an open forum?
what's the best way to find an email address?
what are signs that your in love with someone?
amateur at working out!?
Was Einstein right about black holes?
How can I cure my caffeine addiction?
Black Sabbath?
If you were married?
Power of Compounding?
will the knicks make the playoffs in the next decade?
How many Mega Bites are in 240 Giga Bites?
my messanger is not connecting why??
What does it mean when a guy is staring at you?
which player has won 3 world cups with brazil?
P.h.a.t.???
Who's afraid of a spider?
Whats ur favorite song so far?
Why do some men take advantage of women?
do u know how to meet a celebrity?
who is the best bowler in world?
Need ideas for activities for 4 teens?
Would u allow a stranger to touch Ur pregnant belly?
Can a fax machine be hooked up to vonage?
is it true that micheal owen twist his leg?
How can I get this to my yahoo?
will a judgement against you lower your credit score?
how do you get your myspace profile off of private?
What rehabilitation hospitals are in your area?
Do you like to watch the Dr. Phil show?
what is the optimal age for athletic development?
whats in store for us?
what's the best lover's?
what does maccabi mean?
What To think?
Future Predictions: What its prurpose?
How do you know the devil isn't a scare tactic?
another riddle!!!?
what do the colours on the union jack mean?
I need a prayer for an annual meeting?
Do/Did your parents put any expectations on you? What?
wireless network problems?
how can i be transexual?
What are the global issues if dforestation continues?
If you will?
Are applying scholarships online better than mailing them out manually?
will the dolphins win the east?
Idahoians only, no offense to anyone else.?
Looking for God.?
what is the FDA?
What dose everyone think the Bible is for?
Can someone give me a site for info on creating games?
I need to ask a question?
how to make money when you are only 12 and under??
What do you think about Hayden Christensen?
what is the meaning of the name "SARA"?
Here can i get information on animal and plant cells?
best motherboard for core 2 duo?
is there any reasonable ways to get world cup tickets?
any1 know the length and width of united states?
taiji boxing?
About Penis?
why are old people so irritating?
why do boys aways wut s**?
Why are we still talking about Clinton?
How many plants are there in our solar system?
My value... raised or lowered?
how do you use a madden 06 playbook in play?
how can i get free geological softwear program +downloading ?
How do you get rid of feelings of guilt?
What can an Entrepreneur learn from MBA?
why did i forgot the question that i was just thinkin?
why does the earth have seasons?
Is the Bush Dynasty finished?
how many boyfriends is it ok to have?
Does creatine make your peanis bigger?
What questions should I ask online?
contact email address lincolnshire free press?
Is the white man obsolete when it comes to sports?
What does a person have to do to be saved?
What is the 150-hour rule in accounting?
why is it not good to discuss politics at work?
psychology and psychiatry?
Health Project... "the penis pamphlet"?
Are you for or against bringing back the military draft?
What are The Beautitudes?
What is best for back pain?
Is there a phone number for Ebay?
Should Turkey be forcibly removed from Cyprus?
Once a cutter...Always a cutter...?
Christian Law and its Fufillment...?
Do you think the NY Mets Will Win The World Series?
what are processes handles, and threads?
WHY do illegals want to come here when?
Are there ant lesbians here?
How can we have a baby, my wife being HIV positive?
more oldies trivia, here we go?
what does a investment banker do?
death in thorne bay alaska in  2002?
Who wants to join the FBI and why?
Pancho Villa's birth certificate?
provocative pics on yahoo?
What  is  the  meaning  of  MAIL?
how to create a program to remote control the PC?
Name the German captain during the 1982 FIFA World Cup.?
what is the effective cure for gout arthritis?
what is jello?
Is there a free email greeting card site?
RC Frame-Shear Wall interaction?
Is a leo and a Taurus a good mix?
Is it possible to become more of an analytical person?
thanks but the reason for formatting my hd is that?
Was make Dr.Beniamin Spock so special?
Why are the gas planets called gas giants?
How will an atheist take an oath in the Court?
My wife is crazy and I'm worried about my child?
How to get a Google Pange Rank on a website?
definition of logistics?
does anyone know were the phrase blue monday came from.?
how to topple tyranic regime ruling Burma?
can you tell me this song???
Who is the best youngest player so far?
what is that white stff in my panties?
i would like to know about thermo couple?
show:House md.?
where do I find the fan club for the German Soccer team?
How To Get A Job in TO?
Do you agree with me?Green Day or Fall Out Boy?
What do you think about the U.S?
Should I sign a QUITCLAIM?
why do he have to act like that?
porsche chat room?
Why do certain things seem to happen to us ?
how did bruce lee die actually !?
history of german aviation during world war 2?
I had pain on my left breast?
does yahoo have a help center?
Do you like the Italian accent?
where can i find information on how can i become an astronaut?
what is the best meds for acid relux?
dangers if anal sex?
homepage changed?
what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable?
How can I help this pigeon protect her babies from predators?
can anyone translate this from greek to english?
what quarterback beat michigin  three times?
Becoming an Indiana Resident?
Can I delete files so nobody can get them back?
how much profit hudson bay made in 2005?
Is it going to become Law?
Who invented the warrior ape tank?
Have you ever used a suppository?
Is there any type of work at home that really works?
unzipping rar files?
could anybody give me some good rock songs?
Huge pig or what?
What is Yahoo! ?
Please help me back to the losin side!!!?
Live With Regis and Kelly?
Vice Young Is the number 1 pick!!?
How Can i play BattleField 1942 online?
Too Soon.....?
how long does it take to become an obgyn?
What is your favorite book?
polucion and koloid?
how to erase pix from file folder covers?
how desktop machines differ from servers?
Where is the other category?
Filing for citizenship?
Does the speed of light stop inside a Black Hole?
how to make a girl that is going to get laid?
why is  no one answering my questions today?
Is you is or is you ain't ma baby?
Does anyone believe that Christians are not Imperialist?
What kind of dating rules is he playing?
Honestly, do you floss daily?
do aliens exist?
Can you get a ticket for eating while driving?
how do I download porn for free?
What were Simple Minds originally called?
i havent ever had an orgasm. do they exist?
what is the function of a oracle apps specialist?
my yahoo messenger isnt working for chat , why?
What do you think of Hilary Duff?
Watch this video, please. How can you side with him?
Wher can I get a custom built modem?
What are you made of, scientifically?
What made you fall in love?
is there any fairytales story?
How many times round a football pitch is 3.1 miles?
how to advertise?
Does death scare U and if so why?
skin conditon of lower extremities?
where did my chat rom 60+1 go to?
Who loves orange soda?
Does anyone here snowboard?
do you like butterflys?
I want to claim political asylum in Australia?
celcius...?
I s anyone lonely??
If someone experiences tired leg muscles, is this a medical condition?
what is the serial number to internet download manager?
what is the government doing for the homeless people?
flash player?
How do u get rid of back acne?
Why do people contradict logic and common sense?
Are the Black Eyed Peas lame?
how would i get a boyfriend?
if ur punk than ur my type?
y r tiger lilies different from princess lilies?
Do u like INDIA?
Can the Houston Texans make the NFL Playoffs in 2006?
Can u answer this question?
Whats the name of this movie?
Should I invest in Antelope insurance?
what  are  the  concept  of  life?
what is wrong??
Should i go and find a bit on the side?
Why do men do the things they do?
What does a man really want sex, or a lifetime commitment?
what does one the to do to be a pro football kicker?
will stock recover next week?
How do you like sparkpeople.com?
Whats the deal with Bam Marjarret?
Does anyone have scars from chidlhood effecting you?
How is a star formed?
What should i do special for my 30th birthday?
Websites for free download of a Discussion Server?
What is a "Memorandum of Understanding"?
Where can I find a Swedish brand of cider?
How to report a yahoo user infected by virus?
wholesale sources for ebay auctions.?
homework help:  fill in the blank?
Tell me about college?
what do guys want in a girlfriend?
Chain messages?
What is difference between .exe file and .jar file?
Is there gravity at the center of earth?
Python help with logging in?
Would you be willing to converse with a Caribbean teen native?
Ah, yes, Trickle-UP economics...?
What do you see around you right now?
looking for Document SKU112,CAB?
Who is the best hockey player in the world?
how much would a prehistoric weapon cost?
What is a Hormorphodite?
how much is a 1934a $20.00 bill worth ?
Opinions about birth control?
How can 26 hours can all total make 3 days?
tell me why you loove your life get 2 points?
I keep getting this...?
Is it true that all men are a litte gay?
i have ben nauseated for two weeks any ideas why?
what would happen to us?if some of the Americans?
Are we ever punished for telling on obscene questions?
who invented the mobile phone?
if a lion and a fox had a fight which would win ?
How disgusted were you?
science......?
can u plz help i need ur advice?
Raise your hand...?
Is Gorilla Tape better than Duck Tape ?
where is an after school program in miami near me?
how many referees are there in a game of football?
Why are there any prayer rituals for Whitney Houston?
What really is the best way to lose weight?
any Christmas present ideas for a dollar for co workers?
How are Red Giants Created?
He wants to be with other women?
what's up with this?
Does anyone actually like Paris Hilton?
Why do people have toes?
How many drinks does Ted Kennedy have during morning break?
Do guys have a special loving relationship with their penis? Why?
is this a sin.....?
Reasons to believe?
How do I listen to the European Cup Final on line?
What's the best way to resolve a fight?
quick question about vicodin?
Are you the Spelling Cop?
How do you vote on the President's approval ratings?
what are some good websites?
can I get music from my ipod onto my computer?
what are some planets nicknames?
Have you ever?
How can I stop myself from spending too much money?
Which is better in your opinion online pool or pool in person?
How essestial is walking in weight loss?
how many calories are in :?
how many 16-24 years old live in the UK?
with which country germany will play today?
How many times did man land on the Moon?
What country are u goin for?
first black college to open in the us?
who scored the first hatrick in football world cup?
which is better chocolate or alcohol?
i keep getting an error when trying to view a music video?
Which one of the following times would be the longest?
Constipation?
How many Republicans will vote for a Democrat in November?
how do you incorporate?
Why Do Christians Prasie the Cross?
where is the best place to play people in games online?
Is it possible to control the way you feel about a girl?
Why do divers buy neoprene dry suits?
Where can I find brain gem ideas for elementary education?
Why do people especially indians attack tendulkar?
Distance, Rate, Time equations!?
examples of folkways in sociology?
Sachin should come down the order in ODI's?
lump in front part of neck?
Do any of you skater guys like Emo?
How do you know that god really exists?
What should I do?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen?
derrick fisher?
Confederate States of America?
Do you think if you get married that you will change?
Will we ever run out of questions to ask?
free apartment concept?
how long does it take to recover from bronchitis?
should any person work 4 multilevel market?
Can hernia be kept under control ?
I need money to file for bankruptcy. Where can I turn?
Do tinned fruits retain their vitamins?
What songs comes in to your mind..pls?
American Idol mistake?
do girls get the guys presents?
Movie: THE DEPARTED ??
what is the relationship of distance and acceleration?
get the list of biotech companies?
Cricket Academy for talented child athletes?
what did you think of the movie Snatch?
Can multiple sclerosis cause hip pain?
why is the miliarty called devil dogs?
How are spores Dispersed?
who killled John F. Kennedy?
how to get my wife brest to milk?
So...they're impeaching Bush?
In What Age?
what is a physx accelerator?
what are some chemical properties for sulfur?
how old is every one here?
what is sex??
how to handle commission splits with partners in Real estate?
IP address?
functions of an advertising agency?
how to tell a boy i'm in love with him?
Someone who knows about portable hard drives?
Do you think bisexuality is becoming more popular nowadays?
What are the main problems facing the life insurance industry?
Internet Explorer 7 Windows/Tabs?
what is nanotechnology?
How come I get tired in the middle of the day?
help me please?
Again, How do Jews tithe?
why do people hate  america ?
how to convert a web page to ASCII format?
Exercises for the abdomen, arms and thighs?
from where can i download free java virtual machine software?
I can't turn my head, what do I do?
I wanna ignore her...?
HOW can you Hack any site easily ? or anyway ?
Anerexia??
how many u have a sister who's so annoying??
Why does America help other countries if they hate them.?
what do you think about pc future?
Is anyone interested in friendship with girl from Balkan?
Which country is the biggest ally of the US?
what do straight men think about anal stimulation?
losing weight for kids?
wat do u think of my fantasy team?
Resizing file for email?
What is a definition of economic development?
How to earn much money by magic system?
What is the best way to deal with stress and anxiety?
What do you need to naturalize yourself in El Salvador?
Christians: Explain This (2)?
who likes game pro?
how do i get rid of dry scaple?
Will petrol prices rise in tomorrow's budget?
only girls  which body part in boys do u like the most?
Will poetry sway your heart?
1920's-50's music...?
why does the world keep on spinning?
Are there really 23 flavors in Dr. Pepper?
how many languages can you speak?
Where can I get a kinda cheap air purifier?
Omg shall I change my mind ..?
need some help?
Do you think dark nipples are a turn off?
I need a free outline of Roberts Rule of Law?
does anyone know if amnesty was approved or denied?
Why us is keen to have relationship with india?
Does anyone have Santa Claus' address?
When is it polite to give someone a slap?
Fellow Marines?
did you pay your credit card bill?
were the people in Germany mostly rich or mostly poor?
Outsourcing...Good vs. Bad?
Should I get a MacBook when I go to college?
what jerseys USA team will wear against Ghana?
Does anyone know where I can buy Croation song books?
Who thinks Undertaker is so sexy and Handsome?
What is the dumbest thing you ever did in public?
Ok so, who is your favorite stand up comic.?
What happens....?
How can I help myself with depression ?
compounds help?
Is it illegal to scalp sports tickets in Quebec?
How do i gain weight even thought i eat alot?
how will win in the hong kong sixes match ?
Who won the Fifa world cup 2002?
Please answer!!!!!?
which 23 players will make to the world cup for Ghana?
13 is 85% of what number?
12=what percentage of4?
What is 2 + 2 =?
question about the color of a horse?
Has NASCAR "jumped the shark"?
Legitimate?
how can7+7=12?
What are the best quotes from the movie "Office Space"?
squuare root question?
is this really love or something else?
what's the best free ringtone site?
y+5x; (0, -1)?
do blind people have dreams?
What does the ACT registration thing mean by "term?"?
Which could you go a week without? Running water OR electricity?
Living in Mexico?
Is it wrong to be a hedonist?
who is the best punter of all time?
energy-converting organelle found in plant and algae cells?
What is the Republican's views on Criminal Juntice?
Anyone know government Democrats who want to send illegals back?
What is the difference between a condo and townhouse?
??????????
We Kissed...now what?
Episodes of Designing Women...?
wish me luck ppl?
one hit wonders?
Who does what?
What do a duck and a bicycle have in common?
What is the most catchy song?
what makes a star shine?
Why the hate for lawyers?
Serious political question? To all reps and dems?
Why can't I access MSN games?
Why is President Bush visiting India and Pak ?
what is the liberal?
how can block the ip addresses of a wipsite?
any info on Federal Prison Camp in lexington Kentucky?
need so names please!?
Why do you think people develop an obedience to authority??
Do you ever sometimes feel lost in life?
Damnit... Is she just frustrated?
Italy would give Germany/Argentina tough time??
What is Staphylococcus Alba?
How can I resist eating when I'm not hungry?
what is Hobbs' choice?
What is the deal with Kansas City Chiefs fullback Ronnie Cruz?
Red Sox or Yankess next wednesday??
where could you download music for free?
when is the next ipod coming out?
What happened to the Israelites after the death of Christ?
Is anybody here happy Ukraine have won today?
Sorry but..it's me again?
Do you believe in happy endings? Why?
what do you think of the band interpol?
What is George W Bushs Middle name?
When you are Saved In Jesus Christ?
where could i met iya villiana?
How has studying Abrod changed your life perspectives?
how does IQ effect the MMPI-2 test?
Do callers remain anonymous when requested?
PHD schoralship?
what is better intel or AMD?
How can I contact a bishop online?
what do you call it?
how much did food cost in the 50s?
Betrayed by my best friends, help!!?
do you believe in ghosts?
Im falling for a married woman. What should I do?
la CONNERIE c'est quoi?
do you think ghost are real?
movie maker???
Write a love letter?
are vampires real?
Can you recommend a good book on String Theory?
why did sensex crash? may 2005?
why do we need vaccines?
Why didn't Sven play Lampard?
Can you find someones IP adress from their email?
Why am I so posessive?
what is love?
Does anybody like fma?
Does anyone here attend University of Wyoming at Laramie?
Should I slap my best friend?
How should I feel about this?
Is eugene really erich bischoffs nephew?
who wants a fight?
what is "freak" dancing?
why me why now???
What does the rest of the planet think about Americans?
What are two types of crystal defects?
how to remove pop-up blocker?
how cant i find ware my brother born?
Looking for a good accounting structure?
can you.......?
is lock jaw contagious?
i want to know that how to heat up a girl?
what is the best website to find cheap college textbooks?
Have you ever used drugs?
Football Hooligans?
Justin Langer. Any more books planned for the future?
Are there any postal jobs available?
what does hydrolyze and catalyze mean?
Why is it hard to get hard when you are drunk.?
why shouldnt cell phone be used in petrol bunks?
Who thinks Ahston Kutcher is hot?
Do you like me as friend?
how do you keep ice cold using only natural materials?
Lunesta? Bad Taste in Mouth?
Are you 2 Good in Physics??!?
Too many dreams...?
What is the definition of polychromy?
How is sex with your spouse like a convenience store?
How we can invest & experience in share market ?
How would you rate George W. Bush?
how has a computer impact your job?
is the free version of limewire illegal?
Who was the first girl in the NHL?
Why is my nephew so white?
how do you enable cookies/windows 98?
Dealing with vertical motion quadratic equation?
Why do people think they have the right to judge others?
Why don't all computers have this new Yahoo page?
where does the video code go on myspace?
In the latest episode of house..?
Do we have to take nonsense from crazy judges?
American idol?
Hillary  vs  Rudy  poll?
Where can i get a personal loan besides bank & GE?
what is a twin flame?
Do you know anything about having an anesthetic for surgery?
What are the UFC weight class divisions?
What is meant by TRADE and SENSEX?
What is the meaning of life?
I really confused?!?
How do guys feel about having "The Talk"?
MBA in australia?
Who is from Bangladesh?
Support group for cancer patient?
Can you answer these?
which is the oldest religion? Hinduism?
what to do about pervy boss?
Is mUhammed sexy!?
What is Mrsa?
do u know that gangs are sort of like terrorists?
Closing Military bases in Europe?
a pysch test for multiple personality disorder?
is it possible to join the military with mental illnesses ?
What  are the processes of moving to Canada?
Do you believe in Satan / Hell / Demons?
whats the best mountain bike pedals?
beatles or rolling stones?
How could you introduce yourself to a professor?
Dust on my eyeballs??  (see detail)?
Hey I want to know if u golfers actually did this?
where do you turn when the law fails you?
Which DOCTOR ?
what is P.O.S.T.?
Is it possible for me to lose money?
How to write a progress report?
What is the area of the end zone on a football field?
What are the best tips for selling door to door?
Did Shane Battier really get traded to the Houston Rockets?
what is the statistics?
Where is the best place to find sports related case studies?
What do you think about Homeland Security and our civil liberties?
What is Chillin like a villain mean?
What is wrong with FL?
What is the capital of the USA?
what is the maximum approximate duration possible for a total solar eclipse?
Has anybody heard of Selective Mutism?
why do some people have such short patient in most situations?
information about Laker girls auditions?
A question for my fellow South Carolinians?
what is cyclone?
How do families make it on asingle income these days?
what channel number is the sopranos on??
Anyone looking to hire in Toronto/Hamilton area?
Easiest genre of music 2 make?
release date of dr 90210 season 2?
when was frederick douglas harper birthday?
Love or Lust?
female ejaculation?
What do Christians...?
Is Texas winning?
WHERE is STARSCAPE?
how many players in the NFL played at MSU?
What are the requirements to become an NBA player ?
i am 17 years old.how can i increase my height?
Why do I feel so far away from god???
What are the most commonly used welded joints on pipe.?
period for 5 monyhs?
Its about cybering and talking on the computer.?
The gentleman and the drunk?
In house building how many square metres are there in a square?
Legal help - advice and direction appreciated?
is there any way to remove white stretch marks?
was President Nixon impeached?  Also was?
full form of icici?
Who bulit the Canada Arms?
What are the symbols in Young Goodman Brown?
Rory Emerald or Phil Collins?
How do I get this?
were can you fish for trout?
how do astronaughts go to the bathroom is space?
Do you like to eat dirt?
How many times can you refinace a vehicle?
What can be done about Diving in football?
Titration Curve, finding Dissociation constant?
i need help with lesson plans for the 4th grade?
Graph troubles?
What song was playing during "The Perfect Storm" bar scene?
what do you hope your another half will be?
Anyone know if this is a legit company?
name the sea near the north pole?
Prison Break Spoilers?
can HIV be past on sucking dicks?
how metal is made?
What is the fastest way to get 6000 US dollars?
What is Spanish for rabbit?
Is the phrase "diverse clothes" correct in English?
Is Bono a comic genius?
which football team has the biggest fan base in the world?
why do my boobs leak milk?
usa at war with poor countries as usual?
mohomed had people executed?
How do i organise a music festival?
Excrocisim?
How do you get your friends to take you seriously?
What is the history of fuel cells?
Why was there fireworks all over the place this weekend?
why do you not worship Ganesh, the Elephant God?
What is Endometriosis lazer sugery?
I have these bumps on my bikini area?
weird bumps during menstruation?
How many speeding tickets?
Problem with Windows 2000 Pro?
why do you get pains when you get your period?
Essentials for learning .net ?
Some  girl  around  the   world  that  want  married  with  me?
Can Wellbutrin 300mg be ineffective with extended use?
Pet peeves?
Why do you think humans feel so much guilt?
Today in school we had.. ( girls only! )?
Where can I get medications bubble-wrapped for nursing home use?
Why do boys like *****?
how do you make a Aztec Sun Calendar?
when was FIFA launched?
Has anyone ever called you?
how does e-shopping work?
Round off each of the answers correctly?
ok....heres a hard one?
Yeastinfection?
Was the parable about Moses a prophecy?
How to play a simple tremolo on the piano?
do you think the stealers won fairly?
who is gonna win the fa cup?
who will reveal eau claire counties corrupt legal system?
i have a hard question?
what is the fine for illegal discharge of air guns?
Do you belive in the big bang theory and evolution?
what do u think when some one want kill u ?
How to burn a word document to a CD?
Who likes studying languages and which languages?
how do I improve my wrist shot?
I am a man but sexul attraction towards mens why ?
Is Miss Cleo still going on?
Are you a sweet potato pie?
Where are angels?
history about lounge cancer?
do you live in texas?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
How many calories is 1 weight watcher point?
1976 draft football?
social studies?
What are the rankings in the navy?
How does wave physics work in this situation?
apartment rentals?
Is time travel real?
how do i remove kazaa totally?
When will the IEEE complete the 802.11n standard draft?
Can anybody give me the buzz on tinnitus?
Where could i get new voices for microsoft speech?
Q: The Bird Flu?
How can I find out where the tornados hit during Katrina?
Survivor 12.?
I don't like my husband smoking?
if muscle milk safe?
why does hyperventilation cause blood ph to increase?
Why is your boyfiends friend an asshole?
i want information about natural disasters took place in north india?
How do I annonymously report an illegal immigrant?
What is the best way to research and choose a plastic surgeon?
The world has more men or women?
how come the earth has never cooled down after millions of years?
is a pierced penis an attractive feature?
What does <3 mean??
how do i get a divorce without a lawer?
Looking for S & M Tinkerbell!!?
why isnt randy orton in contention for the title?
Can you keep cash in a bank safety deposit box?
How many hours should someone work in a day?
What is the definition of the Spanish word asqueles?
What must I do to be a best footballer(soccer)?
Winter formal?
Does anyone know this song?
Is the Yahoo! Plus subscription discontinued??
Do Good. Just what is a specific definition for GOOD?
What is currently on your mind?
Is it difficult to study in USA?
Primary endpoint vs. Secondary endpoint in a trial?
Should all Hispanic immigrants speak English before becoming a citizen???
Has anyone been to this WhiteHouse?
ladies........?
What is your sexual orientation?
What causes firefly to glow?
Is it true you can love someone you never met?
♥Where can I find affordable converse black shoes?
brain leakage & blades hang from string tied to a tree?
Illegal Immigration...?
i wanna know about consumer courts in detail?
What is the name village in the movie Chocolat?
Do you say happy holidays as not to offend any body?
Who here believes that there is a hell?
how does the sun make life on earth possible?
i have red stuff between my period why?
Im attracted to Barney?
what is a three-day bender?
Abdominal question...?
What is the divici code all about?
GIRLS.....and?
Do prisoners have the right to vote in the United States?
O.K Oilers fans, I need help!?
Who are the 32 Best Soccer Teams in the World?
I won...How can I get my money?
How to fight graft and corruption?
Attention Virgo Men!?
How do i erase mnsq.exe virus file?
What is the fastest/best broadband internet provider in Adelaide?
How do you add paragraph numbering in Microsoft Word?
finger peel?
will tony s win nascar race sunday?
Who will win chelsea vs. manutd?
Is there an aerial demonstration show at Randolph AFB today?
heavey period??
What is the most boring movie you have ever seen?
funny hip hop comedian??
Who discovered the Sun?
who is the best player in the brazil team?
Who will win the NBA championship this year?
Do you prefer going barefoot or with shoes?
What do u define as a real job?
What is your favorite Chris Farley quote?
What is a robot?
What did you do for Samhain?
Whats cute to u?
How do u know is a boy is gay or bi?
do yall like to skate board?
how do i contact dr suess enterprises?
What makes a friend a best friend?
How do i let someone know i like them?
Is this a dating myth?
Illegals and sex crimes?
Ronald McDonald??
what do u do when you're irritated???
What is the legal definition of 'menacing'?
help with clearing an email please?
Is it wrong of me...?
To shy to meet new people?
how to use a grafting calculator?
help desperate?
Windows version of GarageBand?
what foods can you eat with barrets esophagus?
I wish to migrate in Canada. Can Canadian government help me?
Are high school reunions worth going to?
how do I get the courage to follow my dreams?
Have you had an eye test lately?
what are good oral techniques (for her pleasure)?
What Battle should I do for a project?
popcornpopups?
what is policy analysis?
How many supreme court justices does the US have?
How to break up flem out of your system?
what is common between tooth & foot?
Who here has carried a koala bear??
Who like Batista and why you like him?
Where does the macarena dance come from?
how many liters of water should i drink every day?
is time travel possible?
Why are blonds always made fun of?
good site's for free e-cards?
Hi friends!?
Are there any religions that do not require a leap of faith?
Why is the us government so racest against white people?
what is carbon on the periodic table?
Who wants to help me?
what does a girl like the most while making love?
which x-files character do you like the best.?
who sings this?
how can i get rid of those love handles quickly?
what are YOUR favorite hard-core bands?
do you think your heart is strong and healthy?
Am I the only one!?
How much do multi-contributor blog sites pay their bloggers?
santa ana break lawyer?
the most beautiful thing of the earth?
what is the meaning of unfazed?
Joke Joke Joke!!!?
the more you take away the larger i become what am i?
what sexually transmitted diseases are not detected with a blood test?
nickname problem!!!!!!!!!!?
how can we get sharp nipples?
Australia needs more population, Would you move there????
what is like the national sport they play in the Philippines?
student fundraising?
What type of birth control is good to use?
What is a good college that has a decent social working program?
Help me for statistic class…?
Who could ever replace my beloved Bob Barker?
origin or meaning of hanubah?
Jesus as Savior?
Will someone call the ACLU for me?
Should I tell her how I feel about her?
Who is going to the Superbowl?
Why are women called foxes?
who is Russell peters?
Who was the first American president to visit Communist China?
Which UCSD school should I attend?
top secret "don't click here"?
Could this be serious?
what do you do for indigestion?
GUNS??? Should they be banned?
How to create a csv files from oracle table?
Why is the US killing civilians militants?
is torrent files legal?
What do women want?
What is the best brand name of condom?
who sings the bullet?
provide the definition and example of  Bribery?
how many countries participated in the olympics?
what is a call out scheduler ?
what do u think of Jennifer aniston?
what is some accurate information about solar energy?
Wireless Router?
does anyone know drake bells email?
I want some information about frogs. Can anyone help?
Do you know of any Wiccan software?
Calculate the amount of heat needed to change ice to steam?
Can't he understand?
what is rar.???
where are there hidden missle silos?
can i watch NFL games live online?
girls which would you rather date?
i need my speakers to work with my microphone?
what movies should i seee?
Is Zaheer Khan married???
Legal Kitchen or Not..?
tomatoe paste versus tomatoe ketchup?
Would Wiretaps Have Prevented 9/11?
Legal Pranks for nosey neighbors?
how contagious is cmv?
how do i get rid of the hiccups?
Winston Churchill was the prime minister of which country?
Where can I find this Windows 95 game?
Have you ever called the Butterball hotline?
How does sponsorship in sports affect our lifestyle?
Do you believe Ouiji bourds are safe?
4 Essay about myself?
Should the NCAA Basketball Tournament teams be seeded by record?
any one want to bre my friend ?
1990 oakland raiders roster?
how is matter organized?
how are brands are grown on the web?
what is the lowest temperature that can be achieved?
who likes slipknot ?
Where does Mrs Shron Juden live?
can you send me ib past papers?
Is clubland 10 any good?????
What are the best ways to treat a yeast infection?
how do i know when im ready to have sex?
present tense worksheets for grade 4?
what is your opinion on green tea?
Why celebrate anything?
Music on Rhapsody?
What ETL software do you use?
what are some companies that should be worried is petroleum runs out?
can u go blind if you use the computer a lot?
what is a good bday presant for dad?
What is reaction time?
How many errors in translation have there been?
Anyone knows some good places for gothic people?
Is Bubba the Lovesponge for Real?
Give me an example of a solid to liquid to a gas?
Who watches 24?
what adaptations do chicken bones have that help with flight?
What do you think about this?
why blue color is seen in a gas flame?
Why can't you just leave things alone?
How do I decide on a career?
what is the Opposite of Superlative ?
Why is life too d a m n short?
i do not know my grade point average?
i want to know all about taurus horscope feature?
Is iraq considering increasing the value of the dinar?
ANSWER THIS!?
Why did Russia help Saddam?
I have a question of truth to Brianna the Angels?
How do we use "is it not" to ask questions?
Why is it so hard for me to accept faith?
Tampons....?
What is your earliest memory???
should I buy a home in Mount Juliet TN?
how much can you make by selling signature space on forums?
what would a fair rate an hour be for an insurance agent?
Who elects Congress?
Are there any government assistance programs for families with nine kids?
why does everybody like stupid Kimi Raikkonen?
Calculate the molar mass?
Organizational Ethics- what is it?
Why aren’t all neutron stars seen as pulsars?
Read the details.?
the good thing about illegal immigrants in america?
Help please?
what is a doornail, and why is it dead?
Can CS S run  on vista?
any site that allows free downloading of TOEFL material?
What does "affirmative action" mean?
How can psychotherapy help me?
Where is Kenneth Ferrie from ?
Ovarian cyst question...?
can we ask personal questions too ?
Why is it "just" a "theory"?
What is the distance from the ground of Earth to outerspace?
does everyone have acne in the course of their lifetime?
What makes people ask such stupid questions?
Why you have a swollen glands on the side of the neck?
what is the average size for a 14 tear old penis?
Do you want the world to stop right now?
what words used to describe a creature with ten legs?
Psilocybin as a medicine?
Good Motto for New Orleans:?
How does laminitis kill horses?
What kind of board should i get?
can I download canon digital camera software?
who do u love most? your mum or dad?
Is their such a thing as a sinus disease?
Will There Be Another Season of Veronica Mars?
has anyone seen end of the spear? is it good?
No Guide information with windows MCE 2004?
Is my boyfriend cheating on me with his Ex girlfriend?
how to play a private golf couse?
Any ex-walmart employees who want to rant?
What is the usual time people take the medication seroquel?
Magic Johnson and AIDS.?
Which Credit Card????
Whats ur peoples opinion about beastie boys?
stoic behavior in children?
need Girl help?
steps in making science investigatory report?
Why does anyone respond to the bashers?
what is the best software to used by making a web page?
Can you make your eyes come out of your head?
What is your all time favorite quote?
is school fun for you??
How was Willian Penn similar to Roger Williams?
What caused the civil war?
How do you get pics on your MYspace?
Should we be scared about the Bird Flu?
is my comp good 4 playing games?
looking for a song from movie single white female?
have you ever been in philippines?
Do u believe life after death??
Hole in tooth?
what do you think?
What's Your Favorite Movie?
the singer of  a song don`t you just know it?
Diagram of a Mushroom?
what does esqular mean in spanish?
What is hair line difference between science & technology?
is it ok if i sleep 10 hrs a day?
What should I do if I forget my password?
i need info. on leslie McFarlane?
What's going on with Jim?
what kind of high protein supplement you should eat during cancer treatment?
why is sex so good?? or love??
how long a governer remain in office?
What can i do to make his day better?
Whats A Sacklunch?
What is your idea about TURKEY?
Where can I find pictures of Dedan Kimanthi?
are winners born winners?
What planet in our Solar system has the highest mountain?
Is she normal?
what stretching exercises can relieve lower back pain?
What did Aaron Spelling die from ?
is there one word that means "self teach"?
what are drugs?
Why did God make the earth a planet of limited resources?
what is conscience and how does it effect you?
my periods are abnormal?
How come my fingers twitch non-stop?
Who is Aphrodite?
I need help in my homework Plz?
what am i????????
Why do we hate mothers in law?
why do i defecate?
Voltmeter Reading?
Would you have done anything different in the second challenge on Survivor?
Help! I Can't Find A Movie!?
GIRLS! help?
What is the name of the actual USA President?
Lyrics Help!!?
What cable tv is available in Bedford, TX?
should i be able to get money back?
Could someone help me identify this song?
DO you believe in eternal life?
How many words end in (ill)?
How often do you think about sex during the average day?
Which banks has the highest Money Market APY?
is valentine's day the right time?
Why do people ask for books recommendations but don't?
can streching my penis make it longer?
Is US ready to compete with China?
Who Will Draft Vince Young?
How is Reggie McNeal doing after te draft?
looking to start career in trucking?
give me quotes for a teacher to a student?
How to become a good punter?
why did Mexico not compete in the 1990 World Cup.?
help me understand gothic / devil worship?
do you think mixed race marriage is good?
what is ure favourite song?and why?
chemistry balancing?
Who was the first pick in the 1987 NBA draft?
Fear is?....Fill in the blank?
What Mineral Group Is The Diamond In?
foor doctors only?
Does anybody like massages with happy endings?
Do you have a favourite bible verse or proverb?
What extent of psychotherapy is available on the NHS?
How can I get started as a free-lance writer?
What is your biggest fetish?
why dosent any one like hilary duff?
what does enlist mean??
is seeing a ghost a scientifically accepted phenomenon?why?
how many years of college to be a teacher?
What is nuclear waste?
why is marijuana illegal again?
What is Yhelper and how to remove it?
please help me wit this i need an answer?
do you have a beautiful childhood memory to share?
how can i chat?
what is the average amount to put down on a house?
I need a company name suggestion?
Anyone have a cure for PMS???
Why dont some people believe in god ?
WHAT IS the POINT?
Who knows any good jokes about Glasgow Rangers success rate this season?
i am so confused?
Stuck with math...help!?!?
If America was bombed on Thanksgiving.....?
what is the meaning of Sans réponse?
Anyone know a cheap way to treat exzema?
Redskins fans who saw the game yesterday?
How are all electromagnetic waves alike?How are they different?
do you like routine or to try new things?
What are these states? OR & VA?
give an example of a direct proof of a circle?
How many years back did England won the world cup?
how do marathons raise money?
What is the terminals of a battery maintained across?
pop blocker?
Do you think someone has it in for me?
What do I get my friends for Christmas??
anyone know how to pass a drug test in two days?
Joining another army?
how do i embed a .swf file?
What's is your favorite anime quote?
How do I set up an Ebay account?
Do soccer fans have an average lower intelligence that other sports fans?
Is Feng Shui a religion?
What do you think about Bush?
Does anyone know what is the Tibetian word for good luck?
Can some one write net ionic equations for these?
If this is the...?
how much atoms makes up a 1000000 drywall boards?
How to invest for dividend benefits?
how can i access the task manager in my pc?
What does Victoria weigh?
Does any one love sara evans like I do?
Is Windows Media Center worth the upgrade from Windows XP Home?
What is a second class protein?
Polar Bond?
Keep Bell or not?
How to change your life?
Why there is no lightning when the weather is snowing?
girls only?
if i am looking at adult porn?
how was lithotripsy done?
Why were we put here on earth?
I want to vote?
How men has an eaiser life today?
What is the NIT?  And in is basketball?
what is an increase in supply?
how do you know you are in love?
Is there any scientific link between watching news and getting depression?
where can Iget schorships in Europe ? Help.?
Ladies please help me!?
List one thing you love about the opposite sex...?
Why most people in Taiwan want to be unified with China?
How battery misers are used to enhance battery life?
who you think will win the world cup?
Which gas stations get oil from exxon-mobile?
In what ways do football players influence the youth?
how do you kiss a girl?
what is scarlett fever?
How long do disposable razors last for you?
What is the value of the sample standard deviation?
Has Hollywood been a racist in the 60´s?
What is Babe Ruth's homerun record?
Answer my other question!?
Are Popes allowed to have been married/ marry?
Explain partition(integer partition)with an example?
what happens if you don't go to jury duty?
What is Angelina Jolie's ethnic background?
so why is it??????
Who is worst ....  the client or the boss?
will this work to go on the road?
does daniel briere have a girlfriend of wife?
Why do you love Elvis Presley?
Was my boss coming on to me???
Who will  be the MVP this year in the NFL?
Who agrees?
thinking of running our own pub where do we go for training?
what should I give my bfriend for christmas??
Where can you get free do-it-yourself divorce papers ?
i didn't get any DNA in my preparation?
ez question but my sci teacher never went over it?
South Park Bigger Better and Uncut??
How can I add an animation in Flash?
"The Standard of Living" by Dorothy Parker?
Converter for C++ to VB.net?
Hi,Knee pain relief doctors are known as what?
How great was Shannon Briggs last night?
!how  are plc  programmed?
where do i find employee warning forms?
Something great to say to the greatest guy in the world?
if you could change anything physical about yourself what would it be ?
types of religion in literature?
what is adouble switch? why is it used?
How many countries are there in Central America?
100 centimeters equals how many feet?
How do you demagnetize something?
Does cheating people deserve someone?
why do people kill other people?
ship ahoy??
help with women?
I can someone be gay and not know it?
Can you find Jesus?
Which company has recently acquired Reebok?
Why is money the main reason for divorce?
Where are some of the 18 and over clubs?
what are the weakness of banks in developing countries?
is liposuction sergury very dangeros?
Do you like or dislike the name Jessica???
how do you become a ticket broker?
who won the ncaa mens finals?
How do you spell cat?
Does anyone know if American Idol is still going on nowadays?
Why is the word dictionary in the dictionary?
is conscription valid?
What can be done to stop irresponsible journalism?
Culinary art students??????
Focusing??
Do you really believe the American version of 9/11 story?
Give me an example of tips for a good website?
What is the physical address of  the Bureau of Veterans Affairs?
What is a good remedy for a bad cough?
women only!!!! your opinion?
How can I make money over the Internet?
Why WIndows?
I'm looking for some shoes. What should i pick?
When do u think the "Emo" trend will die?
why are humans the only ones that drink milk from other creatures?
What is the best remedy for an ear ache?
what purpose does pubic hair serve?
Why does the Virginian State Government hate Southern Virginians?
Is Chad Michael Murray is divorced or separated from Sophia Bush?
Who Is The Richest Man In The World?
Have you read Teaching With Love and Logic?
GUI, which language is easier?
Can anyone name the hospital in the Spice Girls movie?
looking for undergraduate food technology and management colleges in london?
Santa clause!!!!?
Sentences?
will mac os x software run in normal pc?
what is a non-partisan commission?
At what point is something too much to "work through"?
salary of un secretary general?
Who's the most gorgeous blonde TV star?
who is the hottest actor or actress?
is there an increase in wages for employees who work overnight?
Whom do u hate the most??
Is there any differance between a normal website and a portal?
What is the best riddle that you know?
Which TV network carried NFC games until the mid-1990s?
arguing in front of children...?
window2000 based program for home making designing and construction?
Is US a terrorist nation????
transferring from one to another?
whats the best medicine for cold?
How much should you tip your massage therapist?
Who will win, Togo or Switzerland??
Why is everyone so busy?
vms operating system?
if i can't change the video card?
what r the require ducuments for selling the flat?
Did you get that thing I sent ya?
Anyone remember a show called "Insight"?
7 wonders of the world?
Performanceand Stability of Sun servers?
New Jersey vs Miami?
What are your favorite type of videos to look at on YouTube?
put the word subscriber in a sentence?
Where can i purchase a prescription football visor?
what are the chemical properties of collagen?
To Hard...?
what is the hormone responsible for dwarfness?
how old is vin diesel?
How big is big?
How does a salt tester work?
Will 'Big Sam' stay at Bolton Wanderers?
who was the most feared pirate?
which couple do you think is the hottest now?
Can DNA be retrieved from a dental plate?
what is the brent standard for crude oil?
wht is a good way of meeting women online?
whats the song on the oldnavy commercial ?
Why does the dawn effect happen with some diabetics?
do you eat huge alien testicle brain tits?
Where can you buy razors blades???
who will win the World Cup 2006 Germany???
which way is up...?
mothers husband stole my money!?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Does anybody have premonitions?
motives and methods of western enroachment in middle east?
Who is the coach who can return Indiana University to national relevance?
What planet rules ecah month of the year 2006?
What should I wear to an open call interview?
Does water evaporate faster at higher altitudes?
Where I can find Microsoft Equation?
What part of a radioactive element is unstable?
Tell me your best yo mama jokes !?!?
how do i become a home inspector in south carolina?
How many sanctions has the NCAA given out?
What is a good website about sharks for my 5 year old?
How will my status change if I get married.?
Do I think you smell?
Is an engagement ring THAT important?
how many people can fit in a pool?
Boy Trouble?
Which Beyblades Do You All Have?
Follow up on just wondering?
why are some farts noisy and some silent?
Polar equation to rectangular coordinates?
What lakes in South Dakota have bass in them?
Who Siddhartha Gatuma?
How do I remove moles?
how do i find a grant for volunteer firefighters?
Capital Punishment for or against?
Would you drink an entire bottle of hot sauce for $1000?
Anyone know how to buy tickets for Real Madrid?
Indiana Algebra-1 Core 40 Test?
What is the coolest music video ever?
Do you think G.W Bush should be impeached?
what does it mean when your left eye jumps?
Has anyone gotten cold feet on. their own engagement?
What is the DOLPHIN CYCLE?
How to deal with procrastination?
what movie is this from?
How can I tell what cell phone service a friend uses?
Whats wrong with me PLAESE help?
can i look up blogs by user name?
Which team has THE MOST hottest players.?
What is a "Corporate " person?
PLease HElp?
Does anyone like swordsplay mate?
How to report possible osha violations in Colorado?
who invented java struts .?
What are the marketing gimmicks that will attract males?
How old am I?
why do I leave all my work to do for last minutes?
What do I wear on a date to a baseball game?
Ask about having babies?
Telepathy !!?
Is muscle constantly deteriorated if not exercised?
What is Jack Black's favorite food?
Seven - Is that an awesome movie, or what?
where can i get tickets to champions league final?
Who likes are president?
Can Republicans accutely win a FAIR election?
ok i am inlove with this guy and i need help?
Why is it good to have an internship during college?
is there any way to uncrease your penis length?
Al Gores Movie?
does anyone buy life insurance?
So I am watching baseball tonight.?
What's up with the non stop rain in Massachusetts?
where to buy the european lottory?
If you say you're punk are you punk?
Was the election good for you?
Will he freak out? please help meee?!?
definition of paranoid delusion?
CN Tower's elevation?
is there a free site to match sport stars signatures for authenticity?
summer olympic 1980?
MY LAST ONE?
what are the tips on starting a small graphic design business?
How good was Ricardo Lopez?
who is the best bowler in indian cricket team ?
Now man its your turn?
name one thing that hasn't been touched by water?
Whats the use Of taking SSRI?
What can I do to change this problem?
Which term refers to cells having different jobs in an organism?
Is candy good for a diet ?
Have you seen Dirk in front of cam like this?
who is newton?
how can i run around the track when its 100 degrees outside?
what are the environmental issues in Virginia?
what to do?
Has Any One Ever Had Kindney Stones?
Why My Best Friend no longer wants to talk to me?
What causes the "Dead Sea" to be dead?
is there a question you cant answer??
2010 world cup country ?
How to get over the loss of my friend?
How do I measure my feet for the right fit of shoe?
major bony landmarks of the body?
How come 9-11 happend?
define functionally retarded?
Who is a real AkA?
what s key for life?
A squirrel joke...?
What is meant by recruitment?
Calculus Optimization?
How old is Tom Cruise?
Is Creationism really science?
Where do I find a housekeeping job?
who started recycling?
Do you think Brad Pitt is ugly?
can 2+2 = anything other than 4?
Why was OJ found innocent?
Does anyone know this movie?
why do people have to be so racist?!?
are you ready  ????
My little boy has a question?
What do I do about family asking for money?
how many goals score altogether in the history of world cup?
How do you think the Coca-Cola 600 will turnout?
Is my mother lying to me?
PARIS HlLTON?
What is the offical tree of Austria?
How do i download old compressed files onto a CD or DVD?
What are the world's five smallest mammals?
where can i get weather books?
What's the biggest age difference there should be between partners?
Did u know that abortion is murder?
what is kirchoffs law?
Where can I buy "trash bags" at??
what or who is Bard of boxing?
what is web 2.0?
physics problem?
Who will have the most tackles in the World Cup?
How come cable modem have really low upload speed?
how much can i charge for building a 3d building??
the media player buttons on my laptop wont work?
What will happen at WWE Armageddon?
whats is the meaning of descrimination?
How would you describe sociology in less than ten words?
Loneliness or comfortable living in a few years?
why is my DVD drive only playing sound?
Will Figo play the next game against England?
July 4th, 1776, Right?
How big is space?
What do "breaking wind" means?
XP theme or standard theme or standard theme?
You talkin' to me?
Questions for the guys.?
Can anyone name a moderate Muslim cleric?
Proud to be an American?
what should i tell him?
Warfare: good or bad?
what is the most effective way to loose weight?
my family is always putting me down what should i do?
Who will be the 2006 NCAA Football Top 10 Teams?
Who will win this cup ?!?
Who likes the way Shack playes basketball?
Are there jobs in addiction counselling available in Vegas?
Ati catalyst 6.5 probleams!?
What third party came up with the idea of minimum wage?
what dose "pro-active safety" mean?
How  I  get  sond  sleep  and  good  appetite?
Newtons' first: objects at rest example?
where is a good place to...?
George Washington should not have been president?
does each of us create our own destiny?
how to get a free remedy on stop snoring forever?
Did you know...?
Who was the best president of the world in 2005?
Math Problem. Help!?
sign this if anyone read this?
who would you rather have?
what M.A., MFT means?
clogged arteries and skipped heartbeats?
i need plastic for a 1992 yamaha seca 2?
Girls, at what age did you first touch yourself?
Should he takes her with him?
converting mp4 to avi/mpg?
How did you feel after WWE Vengeance last night?
What tips do you have for riding a Jet Ski?
whats the best jewelry cleaner?
What is the percentage of blacks who support the death penalty?
how and when to form a "wall" in soccer?
what animals live in montane cordillera, banff?
What's the perfect workout for your chest?
Can Congress restrain the president in foreign policy making?
How to induce lucide dreaming?
Why do many asian women have tiny hips?
who is john alden?
is chris brown hot or what?
what is the phsyical meaning of g-factor?
how much space does google notebook offer?
How should I react to my wife's fantasy?
Do white candles burn faster then color candles?
Will you "Hurt" me anymore than you already have?
What are some military weapons from the 1980's?
Steve Atkisson Emerson High School.Football player?
Would you rather be The Richest Man or The President ?
Drunk in a bar?
What is the fastest way to learn AutoCAD?
Master's Degree or Higher only Please?
Does anyone know how November became the month for voting?
beyonce or shakira - who is hotter?
What is *stand alone* DSL?
how can i win my girl back?
How to get back at a survey company ?
I can not open the external program regedit.?
Help with symbols for The Great Gatsby.?
what is the lifetime of  this planet earth?
How can I find a local psychiatrist?
feeling drugged?
Girls only mate?
yahoo or gmail?????
what is the first most prehistoric animal on the show?
what site to use for the kraw-l testing?
what is the 16th amendment??
A song from MTV video music awards?
How can I watch a movie and hear it as well?
What is meaning of "five knuckle shuffle"?
anyone born on....?
Question about engineering.?
kanasa snakes?
Where are some good sources to learn about natural organic living?
How many Players in the NFL are from Colorado?
Birth Control Question..?
Do you think celebrities are over-rated?
I just saw...?
has anyone heard of taj systems TJSS?
what is the worst thing that we did in life ?
is it ever jusifiable to execute criminals?
Why do so many foreign forces occupy Germany?
What is the overall temperature on Saturn?
Synthetic Gems Online Source?
i want list of Casein buyers in America And Australia?
where can i get a copy of a parole officers footnotes?
were is the weather channel aried?
How has the destruction of the Jerusalem Temple impact human history?
why do i love shoes so much??
is there somthing like club penguin or Haboo?
how do i get accepted by rockers?
what to do to get beautiful girls?
What are your passive incomes?
Where can I find a good map of mines in South Australia?
Do homosexual men celebrate Christmas?
how's this...?
Looking for a yoga class around Bridgewater, MASS?
where is the mary celeste?
Who do you think will win the world cup and why?
Does anyone know what MUAH means?
why do husbands always want what they can't have?
How do you desribe a students cognitive ability?
why is there cartoon porn?
what is dylan sprouses phone number?
how do venous pressures compare to arterial pressures? Why?
Problem with verifying trigonometric identities...?
What is the best way to promote global harmony?
are you happy taylor hicks won!?
what is the title of this song?
Who is mayor of Pensacola Florida?
How do I know if I gave a Best answer?
what number do i call to check on return for Georgia?
do you believe in treat them mean keep them keen?
Boris Yeltsin: bad or good?
what major should i take ?
Using TI-83 to get the Parabola?
so the world cup is single elimination, right??
Can a migraine headache cause death?
Can anyone of you give me the sentence of black sheep?
how far apart are the bases in the major leagues?
What am I?
I would like to know what is the symbol of bravery?
Need SSA-1099 for my wife.?
Who or what am I?
Can you solve this one?
What is the greatest love song of all time ?
can women really change men?
what safety measures should be taken during earthquake?
Is Iran's President a Modern-Day Hitler?
Who is going to win the superbowl this year?
Does Moses really parted Red sea?
Will Switzerland win against Ukraine?
Geometry Help!?
I made it: Sweet 16!?
what is the meaning of money?
i am so mad now im gonna scream!!!?
why do men think they are so good in bed?
Is poison ivy poison?
Who will win Fifa world cup 2006?
what is the reast?
what is PRICE?
how to unstable an atom?
gp motorcycle racing schedule for europe in july?
Can anyone explain what is a behavioral interview?
who were the notable leaders of the Seminole tribe?
do u know the company lang o rourke?
Where do you go in holidays ?
poonam sharma?
Can dogs look up?
Is anyone else addicted to Yhaoo! Answers?
Does anyone know anything about ki?
what did the medici family do to become famous?
How do I get a lady to reach orgasm in 5mins?
how do i find my start buttom? and all program?
who likes flyleaf and why?
rent money/13 hund?
What isE.D.S.?
ancient persia?
eating disorder...?
why my mum have to frequent toilet?
anyone know a good military school in Puerto Rico?
The Colts LOST!! Your thoughts on this?
What's wrong with this? Help? Hiccups?
Who the the PM of GB before the current one?
How do you tell if a guy isn't marriage minded?
treatment of tachicardia?
theres this guy?
what's this song called?
whats the healthiest food on the planet?
cd-rom lifespan?
Where is the most romantic place for a honeymoon??
what do i do with my bffs boyfriend?
embriodary suits?
Greatest athlete of all-time?
Is there going to be a sin city 2?
What methods would you use to convert a browser to a customer?
What is polymyophaty?
what is the best site for some knowledge about space science?
how would you find business storage customers?
do illigal immigrants deserve the right to vote?
what is bio-petrolium?
Why  people aren't open mind when we talk about religion?
Why do most men see women as whores?
Why won't anyone answer my questions?
whats an simile?
Would the first minority President most likely be a Democrat or Republican?
can any one give me information about SOFT, Pune?
more science help!!!!!?
Who is the most corrupt man/woman in the world?
Anyone speak Hebrew?
Why Indian Can not control their birth rate ?
Who is the first African American to receive a patent?
Who else thinks that Ronald McDonald is somewhat like Michael Jackson?
What does BM in the Coast Guard mean?
Who will win the 3M Performance 400?
Riddle # 1?
hello i need some help please?
Where do you think the debate on immigration will take us?
what have scientist learned about molecules? what did they discover?
why the president lies to us and we keep believing his lies?
anyone likes sports trading cards?
Can you play cricket better than Dhoni?
Brant Gumble.?
what is gene transfer via electrophoration?
Need website for Homestead exemption in Lake County Indiana?
what is a gigabyte?
How do you put pictures on a PSP?
Are you introverted or extroverted?
who won the match Matt Hughes Vs. Royce Gracie?
Should I compete?
What is your life plan goals and desires log it here ?
can anyone give some few best sites to satisfy my desire?
How to do a stiff arm?
What's the best drug to control anger?
what is love ?
don rogers played for who?
need help w/ x,y?
Why do men join freemasonry?
What is the density of NaOH?
How can I lose weight on my arms?
Will The Lakers will go far in the playoffs this season?
How do astronauts filter urine to obtain drinking water?
Is Jeff Gordon Really Gay ?
can you still dial 911 on a disconnected phone?
y is the ski blue?
What is the purpose of answers.yahoo.com?
why does george w try to be the thought police?
What happened to Blur?
What happened to Ann Coulter?
Can you still get married without having sex first?
What do you think about gay marriage?
whats the four characteristics of minerals?
Do you think if Busch didn't become the president ,?
4 names for my new babies?
What is 'Divine Proportion'?
Mob or Wall Street?
Pregnant and prescribed vicodin and penicillian?
do celebrities carry out social responsibilities solely to gain publicity?
what does avenue mean??
can anyone help?
where can I find sheet music for my alto saxophone.?
I need to know the percent of a percent.?
New Orleans Hornets question?
Anyone here from Indiana?
after care for breast augmentation surgery?
is daniel johns gay?
Has anyone ever experienced vomiting without any nausea?
Stoners: Has anyone ever built a vaporizer?
Why are people from other country's called Aleins?
legal advice needed?
Who believes Iran will be the start of World War III?
when do trout season open in nl?
how can i stop ingrown hairs?
What's the best store to get cool basketball shorts?
What's best way to stay clean from perscription drugs?
What would you do if a bird flu pandemic started?
best inline skate for beginners?
what the differences between catholic and ortodox religions?
Interested in some mental help?
Why would Satan punish those denied a place in heaven?
how many stait in usa?
i need help?
I like him and he likes me but...?
I need info on indian caves in nebraska?
Does anyone have a copy of the before heart surgery diet?
my lesbian friend needs a girl friend anyone intrested?
Who likes Taylor Hicks' dancing?
masturbation is harmful?
Difference between Psychics and a Word from God?
Why we consider need and dare as model (auxiliary)?
how can i close pop-up blocker?
need advice?
what is a twist drill?
How do I get visits?
job interview and religious dress?
do you have a lucky number?
Thesis statement for A Seperate Peace by John Knowles?
What happened??
what country has the most people with hiv or aids?
do you think that Tupac is alive?
what is the permanent remedy for ulcer?
What is a utility man when referring to baseball?
How make a networking Chat file in MS Access 2003?
Why do people WANT to be like this?
what are multiple answers to give to "sup?"?
how do i set up a photo album for a public forum?
what movie auditions are there in washington state?
how do u break up with a guy nicely?
What is craniectomy?
Strong  Arkansas  Girls  Basketball   win  or  lose  today  in   Little  Rock   today?
Know any better scouser jokes?
Row Operations for Matrices?
Is Form-16 a must for IT Returns?
guys.. help me out!?
Edgerin James???
Can extinct Volcanos ever erupt again?
what is diff between RTF and DOC?
huge RB question!!?
san francisco giants window stickers?
how to keep squirrals out of your house?
are the detroit pistons any good?
These riddles are impossible!?
where do I get, or go for disability?
Does your coworker make you go nuts?
which former Spurs players have scored against Arsenal in a European final?
is it true that the earthquake will happen here in world again?
was this not so good of me to do??
Who is the most famous Indian sports man ?
Why can't we just all get along?
how Bermuda triangle works?
Do you know Ali Daei??
How to get Rid of my girlfriend?
Am I being annoying for doing this all the time?
How do I get him to like me?
What does 'the jig  is up' mean?
Why Do so Many People Hate Hip Hop/ Rap?
how do you know if you got the gift of healing?
A Substance that can be broken down in a chemical reaction?
what could it be this pain??
what is website templates?
Hey Miami fans! Where the party's at??
gorilla up the tree?
Where can i go online to take a book quiz?
whst is raven symones number?
Have YOU ever attempted this?
what is white phosphorus ?
Should i convert to KABBALAH completely?
Enforcing child support 16 years after divorce final?
French translation please, URGENT !!?
Do this boy like me?
is aol instant messenger good?
I have 9 more questions to ask how many do you have?
b squared plus 7b plus 12?
What is mean by war against terrorism?
What does this mean, translate please?
What is the middle name of President Ronald Reagan?
What's the best search engine?
The mother is 21 years older than the child.?
how about a few more for fun??
What party may request certification of a check?
What is Drag in flight?
why should I play soccer?
Can i still get my liscense?
Can we just stop all of the Bush hating?
britain's government before democracy?
Who is the best female golfer in Thailand?
what disney or cartoon character do you most identify with?
if you feel hot what you do?
round 2756 to the nearest hundreds?
what is multimedia?
Beastiality: Doctors answer?
Do you want to lose weight????
what is application engineering?
I have dry skin?
how to check if I have sars?
what should i do?
Mac vs. Pc Laptop?
need to protect my mail?
what type of education is gud for gals to learn?
Does nice butts look sexy in a women?
what is GFE in sex mean?
In howmany languages the Bible has been translated so far?
Is Kevin Garnett a good fit for the Lakers?
how do i pass biology in examinations?
what is a browser?
Where can I find 70's music?
How many or what % of Americans have served in Military?
what is the bigg est desert in the world?
why my computer always restart and sometime hung when i playing game?
What is an easy way to remember how to do CPR?
what throughbred race horse is buried at ny race track?
Holiday Baskets?
Favorite Alabama song or songs:?
What are some photosynthesis inhibitors?
What colors for my wedding?
Why is it raining so much in California this year?
Do you really get more stoned smoking blunts than joints?
what is free will if there is such thing as destiny?
Those of you who do not vote.....?
is there a better word then, "the best!"?
how do i add the yahoo icon to task bar?
Archimedes said...?
how many people use yahoo?
what was the first album that obtained a gold album?
how do i go about getting amancapated?
PC Spy logger programs HELP?
ok, i have a bcs bowl question.?
Learning To Play Chords?
vocal remover?
Attire for Themed Company Party?
Another question about MS??
Has anyone tried the cambridge diet?
could u plz tell me the meaning ?
Found a bump..?
Who is notorious big?
i masturbate 3 times a week. is this harmful?
Liverpool F C atmosphere?
what do you know about your country?
how long does it take to issue a warrant?
funny jokes, type them out here.?
how do you know your in love?
military separation chapter14-12?
What made today a good one?
Where did the butterfly get its colors from?
What are some "weird" ways you have to fall asleep?
Have you ever watched UFOS?
Can Canadians enlist in the USA Air Force?
What did you think of the CMA'S??
I am having problems shutting down?
what do yahoo means?
What ships were around the cold war?
How Do I be Happy?
How come your muscles twitch after you work out?
do you think World War III will be coming soon?
How to find out if someone is spying/tracking me?
where is a spanish word on the dollar bill??
how do i get to my avatar???
EXAM review HELP!?
what is todays answer in the telegraph?
Help! Front tooth removal!?
what is 1/4 x 2/5?
how to cure  swollen gums?
what is illinois test?
Will Mr Abdul Kalam Azad change his hairstyle ?
Do past school games cause bullying?
do Australian violant the indonesian's heart?
why do rivers drop larger sediments first, then smaller ones?
Where can I find a loyal boyfriend?
What is your favourite weapon?
Is Daniel Radcliffe(Harry Potter) Gay??
An army at war, a nation at the mall?
WIll the Edmonton Oilers finally win the cup?
What was the main reasoning behind the right to own guns?
why do we let our sinful nature run our lives?
what do you do when you get bored?
riddle me this ???
How do you let a guy know you dont like him?
wich one? a study on personal beliefs?
If you died with braces on would they take them off?
What is the education level of the states of this country?
Can girls play soccer? Or the question is...?
What meditation/relaxation techniques work best for you?
Who were the original members of Pseudo Echo?
Should males and female students be educated in different classrooms.?
Do you know of any good free hosting websites?
How do u convert % to ppm and vice versa?
why do i sometimes poo mucus?
electrisity?
What would Bush have to do to be a good president?
I have heard people talking about getting a palm reading, but?
who likes the colts raise their hands in the air?
What are the tangible results of the work of Amnesty International?
who is the best player of the year?
uninstall microsoft office?
The formula for work?
whos is taylor from high school musical?
what career pays more then being a doctor?
New home vs. several years old?
Why did the Soviet Union fall?
tickets for worldcup2006?
is 6 match fine given to turkey is a fair one?
Why Do Celebrities have beef?
Air force or the Navy? HELP!!!?
country music singer who killed himself in 1975?
Have YOU accepted Stephen Colbert as your personal lord and savior?
how many boyfriend did you have and how was the first relationship?
Side effects of Lexapro?
What's gonna happen with Iran?
What are examples of subcultures?
Pi, Pie, Pies?
has anyone had s e x on an ny subway?
What can I do with a major in political science?
How to teach creative writing?
is it fair?
is it ok to love again?
how do guys know you fancy them?
How to be a spy?
why wavelength is considered for a transmitting antenna?
Why don't NBA players tattoo corporate brands onto themselves?
is this a heart attack?
Are you seriously not fully clean unless your Zestfully clean?
Why was the Susan Constant named that?
Does it seem to you like most Americans are brainwashed?
who is terrorist,BUSH or OSAMA?
Are home schooled kids smarter?
why do people hate?
is there anyone named marc malone uot there?
How is England doing?
Do you believe in God?
double date?
has anyone tried to connect locally in this network?
who can recommend a good porn filter ?
whom you think gonna win the world cup 2006?
what is the cure for stammering problem?
Is it impolite to interupt someone?
Jazz Music?
How often do you read the Bible?
what are 3 diseases/disorders of the eye?
Can you give me the right answer?
Good young midfielder (football/soccer) ?
How do you keep a scar from forming?????
where to get a free pdf file editor?
What is tanks real name (the rapper))?
After attacking two sovereign nations without congressional approval?
Portuguese and Spanish!! Who sings this song???
How do I strengthen my personality ?
Is there color is a lightless area?
What is anal bleaching and is it painful?
who had a albulm with glass house?
Did anyone die in the boston marathon?
why do i have a hard time finding friends?
Where can I find a weather forecast for England for July 2006?
How Do Virginia Tech FootBall Players Play?
from where is dj tiesto?
Is discharge normal?
words from dagger?
where can I go to find out...?
who was OLD DAN TUCKER?
I need advice on getting rid of belly fat.?
advice for meeting online date?
im stuck ill and broke...what shall i do?
i need some myspace codes?
what does the y mean in 208y/120V?
how instability of government will affect marketing?
Can you be my Friend on MySpace?
Are aries usually funny people?
How big is the illegal drug use in todays youth?
What is Leprosy?
What is the most under rated song of 2006 thus far?
recommendations on optimising the system performance?
What are the lyrics to "Still Still Still?"?
how do i fix the red x in the white square problem?
how cen i study in USA?
Which country is the last team winning the 2006 FIFA World Cup?
Why Cant I Eat?
How do I cure a stomach virus?
Solve this one?
What are signs of arousal for a woman????
what is a wentworth measure?
what is the capital of New Jersey?
Can you be a closet claustrophobic ?
did you know ahmadi nejad?
Should the players Bring back The Biff?
please answer!!!!!!!?
what team will win the SEC East this year in football?
what does the idiom "making faces" mean?
What is you favorite type of asian people? why?
what cable provider is broadcasting Egypt 2006 nations soccer cu?
What kind of saxophone is the best and why?
R.I.P Eddie?
What is an opinion magazine?
tvdmd75@yahoo.com?
What is a good website i can find information on;?
How can I find out if i have cellulitis?
Easy question: How many sides does a triangle have?
What makes nephilim so bad?
needs of modern industry- land capital labour ,energy and space?
an argumment paper of sexual assult?
want to view wedding on line pro photos.com?
Just watched the Eeurovison song contest?
who is cm of goa?
Why do girls travel in packs of three or four others?
what do girls find attarctive in a guy?
What is the best name in the world? why?
why do players exchange jerseys after soccer matches?
question about work-related law?
My Internet Explorer is not working but netscape is working?
I need to find words containing certain letters in certain places?
Explain "string theory".?
Who is Mary Ellen Rudin??
If God create man-Then who created dinosaurs?
what senator voted yes on s2611?
what is theological antropology?
I have the best question!!?
Versioning software for MS Office documents?
show me sites of free download of animated  email signatures?
What s a cheerleader's favorite color?
I like someone else...?
Where was God when I needed him?
Who was the only person to play gold on the Moon?
What methods of fungal dispersion are there?
can you make sense of it?
Does anyone know where i can find a translation website?
how can make a negative problem and get a positive answer?
Is a war with China inevitable?
Yay!! Trivia time!!!?
Villanova basketball players names?
Can you survive daily life without your cell phone?
How do people do those code things?
are you glad the pistons won?
What is the line on the Michigan/Nebraska game?
Why is there the expression, "Circle' of friends"?
What kind of guitar does vince gill play?
where can I find a good message about friend.?
Greatest NFL Franchise of all time.?
BBC Music Live advert, who's that group??
AP Physics B Question - Projectile Motion?
how can u get you boyfriends mom to like you?
Where is the Landover Baptist Church?
Tips on what to ask for Christmas?
Is this more proof??
what would President hamilton answer for this question below?
When are we as human beings going to learn peace?
home based jobs?
what is 3x5?
best place to find houses  in need of upgrading?
Ohio state or Michigan?
why most people looking for war?
What will you do today, if there is no tomorrow?
Carrots or Tomatoes? And why?
how to rip video from the internet?
Catholics?
If diaphragm to breathe, what to poop?
Which is better staying single forever or getting married and be divorced?
Who sings the song about The christmas shoes?
When was the last time you called the police?
calculus transposition?
Where can I fing the rocky horror president show?
what s the differance between bacterial and archean rRNA?
Carrier Landings?
how can i overcome depression?
are acer laptops noisy?
Why not legislate the private sphere?
can someone send me the song hood tactics by jack da union?
how to tell someone is lying?
How can I see my web-speed on the computer.?
where can i find a diatom sample?
Simpsons...Auto dialer?
Whats the BEST show on TV right now?
Apache http server question?
who is the secretary of tht department of justice?
comical english actors?
define what politics is and what politics isn't?
Why won't my image show in my php script?
Why do multimedia games have cheat codes???
Revise my article.. 1/2?
How does the shape of land affect climate in the Polar Region?
do u think that u are old  or young?
What is going on with the group Lit.??
What's wrong with University of Michigan Football?
i'm really depressed right now.....?
Give me a word beginning with 'F' ...?
The scientific name?
how to make a backround in friendster?
How do I get rid of a rash around my mouth?
Talent......does it left ?
what is mileys aim sn!!!?
what makes a house a home?
what's your definition of love?
what is  the diameter of the world?
Who can help me with gymnastics?
Will Bama GO TO THE music city bowl 2006?
duramine pills for diet.?
Do eyes stay the same size your whole life?
Where can i get info on investors for foreign real state projects?
where can you find sheep population more than human population?
What songs will you have at your funeral?
how do u feel girls when u r turned on?
Is water magnetic?
Is there a mental illness for...?
What are big party's like?
Why do people use Windows? How do they live with themselves?
humidifiers?
Whay are the benefits of the sandstorms?
Who sing the song S.E.X?
How does the current Illegal Alien dispute affect your children?
Why does requirements analysis never really end for a project?
Whats your favotire Animal?
what is a webform?
Could exposure to Wi-Fi wireless routers affect health?
what will happen if u put a charge on a soap bubble?
What is the dumbest law youve heard?
Do you know of a Christmas proposal idea?
Old enough to Bartend, yet not old enough to drink?
Honestly, what do you think with Filipinos?
They are openly gay soccer players?
who can fake my wife pic?
Question for democrats??
Is it apathy that deters people from local politics?
i need women help?
Why is soccer......?
need healthy foods/husband/bladder cancer?
Trying to find Diego stuffed doll?
what is the opposite of envy or jealousy?
Gentlemen: Do you like when women smell like food?
New Mass Destruction Weapon?
Do you believe in Chuck Norris?
What is the funnest thing you've ever done?
solving equations?????????
4- What u will do if the test plan is failed?
Can anyone recommend an inexpensive software program for drug testing.?
Would Mike Tyson beat Popeye on Spinach?
what are some kool names i can name my clothes shop?
Solve system of equation . Check by substitution?
What do guys REALLY look for in a girl?
male sizes?
valentines?
how would this make u feel?
Mr right  ?
Listening to sound from a microphone on a different computerq?
where to buy real hoodia?
what minnesota college should I attend? music?
how do i stop my son from smoking weed?
What does life mean to you???
what makes a girl irresistable?
gerald ford accomplishments and failures?
I want to know more about Montreal?
what is the character of a democrat?
TCHORT   who or what is this?
What is the difference between herbicides and herbicide?
How many legal or illegal Brazilians are living in London?
Telekinesis...or Stop Time?
What things can 12 year olds do at my house?
is my girlfriend nasty for farting?
Do you  know some psychologists?who are they?
why really important?
How far can a duck walk into the woods?
Ur favourite CARTOON character is??
what do you hate doing the most?
What is a retrofit certificate?
does ghost exist?
Does debris affect a tornadoes wind speed?
Is a victory needed in Iraq by the USA ?
what's the best  antivirus?
So did you wake up on the right side of the bed?
what is HIV?
I'm at aa library....?
What is a good first car im 16?
What is a 2s deferment?
Is Courtney Love pretty?
sould cassandra have the room or mariela?
how do you tell?
What are you having for breakfast?
is masterbaiting a sin?
is a cold sore a type of herpes?
The Barber Problem?
what does 16! equal?
what did mean aflatoxin?
does the full moon effect you???
Where are we in the conflict with North Corea?
Is Ann Coulter married??
Why has the Government raised the prices of petrol ?
Deleting a partition?
is there a way to enlarge the breasts size?
How come some cultural groups just won't speak English?
Teaching online?
Whose the most good looking footballer?
how do i make my life more colorful?
how much do you tip the pizza guy?
Radeon or nVidia? Why?
what is cell-fusion technology?
How can I lose my voice within two days?
how many basket ball teams r there in the world?
How to configure WSUS?
marine question??
here in Uruguay....?
answers for addition of integers from 1-25?
Typing in all capitals in electronec communications means:?
whats the best date youve ever been on?
Why are home Chicago Blackhawk games not televised locally?
looking for the song If It Takes A Million Tears?
Nasty Dancing Tunes?
how do we say i miss u in any languages?
What is your favorite character on Madagascar & why?
Does Area51 really exist ?
What should I do?
do you think school teachers?
what is the biome like in the planet Neptune?
liver enzymes?
is it possible to study for two different things in college?
Should we bomb Iran?
Can you Prove that evolution is the truth?
Which country has won the most World Cups?
Limewire.com users!?
when am i going to find the right person?
Anyone here in an inter religious relationship?  (See details)?
pourquoi le nom "all blacks" ?
Archbishop of Canterbury says 'stop teaching creationism'?
Have anyone seen "SHADOW PEOPLE"?
Why do certain people like certain types of cars?
how to make that someone chat less ?
why is everybody bi or gay or a dyke?
At which website, can I see the movies for free?
Who is better Dwayne Wade or Allen Iverson?
cycle/process of seafloor spreading?
confused about what I should do?
Lightscribe?
What is your favorite song and what genre is it?
why is this website so damn addictive?
Who Should I Play Tonight?
Whats a good subject to write haiku about?
wanna to know bout Carnival set up?
Is Germany 2006 The Best World Cup Series?
Can you crack the old chinese riddle?
What is best natural expectorant for chest congestion?
Is my synopsis any good?
can anyone help me?
How do you get a boy to like you?
tall women?
how many versions are there of macbeth?
who was the first person to do the touchdown dance in football?
japan have scored first!!!!?
How are bubnles formed?
Why do you want to join market Rx?
has anyone seen thumbsucker?
who are Sikhs?
House Fans?
Has she really lost that loving feeling?
How can I stop being lazy!?
Logking for a job in the US?
Please infrom me key factor of Heart attack,?
Between A Rock And A Hard Place With Two Loves?
A light microscope that has two lenses is called what?
what does 'lol' mean?
Who do you throw a Knuckleballer?
What was the mascot for Huron University?
What are the laws governing Adult bookstores in Houston TX?
Have you ever thought about the fourth dimension?
I need updated answers... I updated my question?
solve inequality. write the solution in interval notation?
what do you think would be more embaresing?
Is capital punishment acceptable in present society?
How can I collect and store static electricity for later use?
is it true that Sanskrit is a very scientific language?
How do you alleviate shin pain after running?
what is the consequence of increas in money supply?
why are internship important for students?
Which is the best movie you've ever saw?
What is LSD???
Which branch of the military is the best?
how to mobilise fund to hire a lawyer?
paper to a resume on?
capitale du cameroun?
who won the election in chile?
Why does my internet flicker?
karma and its laws ?
Questions about creative visualization.?
What influence did Jordan have on the NBA?
where can i purchase act software for the lowest price?
What the longest time you have studied for???
Physics Question 9?
Which would be your course of action?
How was the sin passed onto Jesus if not through his baptism?
what comes first? hardware or software? defend your answer.?
how can i find nenita b.baldo email?
Find the value of y when x=2?
who is the petter player in the world?
are sound waves affected by gravity?
Do you think the hr 4437 will pass?
Any ways to reduce the thickness of the penis?
Is Alzimers disease curable?
How long will it take for you to make a significant contribution?
To all the women.?
who should i start at WR and RB this week?
what is the age of Nandha Kumar?
Why are Multi-Level Marketing Businesses EVIL?
why the statue of liberty became a world heritage site?
Which language is more difficult to learn : English or Russian?
drag & drop?
How much does Bush make a year?
history of operating system?
If no one voted what would be the outcome?
experience with Prozac?
What song is this?
Racial discrimination in the UK?
who is number one in spanish footbaal?
is yahoo messenger closing?
What does politics mean?
who was the country  who win  the last world cup ?
What is the most popular sport in china?
Does anybody know an inuyasha website???
will the season finale of prison break air again?
aimez vous le foot?
How can u control binge eating?
do you think you know where your spouse is tonight?
What was the cause of the war in Iraq&Afghanistan?
two riddles to answer...?
What do you use when your exzema flares up?
Why doesn't he get it?
Girls, how long can you go without sex?
wuts the best website to go to?fur fun>?
what type of person does it take to become a Marine?
I wonder, is GOD really exist??
Were the British the first to roll joints?
were do babys come from?
how do i make yahoo my default email editor?
who originally sang Aquarius?
How can I help my BFF balance me and another friend?
how can i use  frame html?
How much should janitors be paid?
What country was Maniche born?
How can i be a sweet lover?
How do I print out large fonts say 64 mm high?
Have you heard?
What is DIN EN 729 Standard?
Most genuine player?
How old is Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park?
help anwers!?
Has anybody ever seen Green Day in concert?
Grambling and Southern U. football?
What should be the actual sequence to study undergraduate mathematics at home?
Tell me something about an aries female/male?
how do I disolve a partnership.?
Where do people get the money for a franchise?
explain why hydrogen chloride gas is no acidic?
What are Windows XPP and XPH?
If I walk a thousand miles, will I pass out?
Where there is a temple named after a soldier?
prision break?
Can Someone Invite Me To Gmail?
Which do you find more enjoyable?
Do anybody think Bush will cause this country to go to war?
dimensions of an olympic sized swimming pool?
What's your favorite kind of Latin music?
When are they making new episodes of Charmed.?
define  vacuum distillation?
Where can i buy weberley bears online?
American Civil War help?
What is map elevation & a grid map?
HERE'S ANOTHER ONE?
Ann coulter?
why do women like to say mean things to other women?
Are oil stocks overvalued right now?
can we all say bye bye oilers?
what are the risk factors linked to cardovascular disorders?
who thinks my invention is good solar powered traffic lights ?
Creative writing: non-fiction?
guys.. what makes you??
Where is the best place to party at?
Will there ever be a politician....?
How many teeth to people have max?
what company can help me give finance to customers?
Is there gonna be another x-men?
Is global warming a myth?
Why Jerusalem is important to Israel?
Why is he called "best man"?
who is Roy G Biv?
what should i do?
What is the TRUE meaning of life?
Do anyone wants a friend? Because I want one?
What will happen to a railway tank?
How will i gain self-discipline?
What is natural frequency?
who is beany malone?
Who scored the first field goal in heat francise history ?
what is spam? how duz it work?
Atheist bank robbers?
keylogger called supremtec?
What stone is used to make fire?
What are more profitable, r or pg rated movies?
Merchant of Venice? Hard read?
what grounds does someone need to protest a will?
what is permeable in science?
where can I find marching band songs online?
is it strange to be 16 and never had boyfriend?
Does anyone know of any good websites for free online games?
did fred couples get divorced from thais?
Michigan - ohio state rematch?
adapting learning style to axia format?
1950's and cold war?
where do i get enough information on gay?
what is apec lucky emails?
Is it time for Steve Letarte to be sent packing?
where are the best real estate sites for small investors?
Do you still think Milosevic was a bad guy?
If you had one song to share?
Why does one ball hang lower than the other?
You got a good workout program?
how do i clear my search window from prior searches?
is this tooo much for christmas?
Why is this site so damn fun??
Law School.....?
Is Gilbert Godfrey married?
mavs or heat?
Did you just come back from Venus?
Top or bottom, 1 on 1 or group?
Gravity: Particle or wave?
Live Video Streaming of television channels?
topless pool?
Physics problem?
Has anyone experienced racial discrimination?
CONDITIONAL probability help please!?
List of books to read to succeed in college?
I need help?
whats the expected date for CBSE 12th results to out?
What am I whering.?
What is your definition of a good president?
Tell Me About Your Nightmare?
is there anything scary that you have gone through?
What is claudia?
adding  zip files to the web for people to download?
What would  the King in Rock and Roll say?
how many cubic centimeters is in a milliliter?
When should I refinance my house?
When can i change my pericing?
Was Harper really the right choice, and what were we thinking?
What is the hydrolysis equation for Na2CO3?
How do I get out of debt?
How does the liberal agenda benefit society?
how does American English reflect American culture?
art of blocking pain?
What is a baby gazelle called?
Over seas address?
what do you call a half man and half horse?
What is your thought for the day??
Who is the leader of Scotland...?
how do i find out me on the net.?
How do I reduce bulky facial cheeks?
does anyone know any funny websites?
why is my dog mean to other people?
how many ounces make a pound?
How has Canada managed to stay out of American power abuse?
What is the full name of the Canadian hockey player Christian?
Which is the best software for web development?
whats the best way to study for exams?
Is Dental Hygiene a good career choice?
what does the cytoplasm do?
who invented the clock?
guess what song???
christmas tree; real or artificial?
Platypus question?
Should Yahoo! ban some questions?
y do parents think private schools r better then public schools ?
plz help me....?
how much does it cost for laser hair removal?
Have you ever noticed??!!!?
Is it common to get a urinery tract infection after sex?
Is that true first love because of the look?
what is the biggest aquarium in the USA?
do u like to hunt if you \ndo what?
What are the simple ways to manage stress?
What do you think would happen if i....?
Define FRI Inspection?
delta formation?
How to look good on my first job interview?
Why do girls have to talk so much crap?
What charieties do you give to at Christmas?
Robert Kiyosaki's investment advice?
what is your opinion about IRAN?
Is Nigeria the scammer headquarters of the world??
FFL: Start Brady or Delhomme this week?
How much time do you spend in front of your computer daily?
Who is going to be in Renault next season ???
is there any way around copy protection on DVDs?
ok a serious british family law question?
free utility to speed up my pc?
can anyone recommend me a really good book?
Sleep deprived...ZzzZzzZzz?
Payment Proccessors?
why women are instant floaters than men?
Not being physically attracted to anyone!?
How do you get creditors to stop reporting you...?
Why Are We in Iraq?
does sewag deserve place in indain team.?
Do u say please and thank you???
what can you do career-wise with physics and chemistry only?
What are the Antipodes?
Is this hilarious or what?
Why do people in China and India spit?
Food with arspartame...?
Have you ever done something you told yourself you would never do?
What's the single greatest fight of all time?
What dress are you wearing?
What is a good place to get resume writing assistance from?
what is da real meaning of reservations for obc?
Which convection cell in the atmosphere does not form a complete cycle?
Can you help me find JESUS?
i need an autobiography on al sharpton?
guys is it true that you prefer slim girls to big girls?
who's the foreign secretary for England?
How long can a person stay under water ?
Why can't the tabloids just back off?
Definitions for these tagalog words.?
what song does this song sample?
What will China's growth mean ?
What brand? Or brands?
what are some books on computer science?
What's up with Last Comic Standing?
what is j stands for?
Favourite Movie Star and why?
What is Arizona rated for elementary education?
Which reality show would you most like to be a contestant on?
Where can ice be found on Mars?
What is a Permafrost?
What would u rather?
how to get ur boyfriend back?
who to make someone a gay?
Why Jesus likes to tell parable?
who inveted football?
Hot chocolate or lemonade?
Lebron or Wade?
where in the bible is the word piggy bank found?
Do you like the new show  Dexter?????
why do girls play hard to get?
what does it mean when your ears burn?
Does anyone know a website with good PHP hosting?
has n e 1 ever heard these 2 songs?
Symptoms of a disease?
fbt on free lunch to emplee.?
What's the best saw blade for cutting petrified wood?
females and males-What do you think of Shakira?
does bird flu REALLY influence u ????
help with m-space?
how many games will the royals lose in baseball?
mocking bird?
can a girl be impotent?
how do you tell the sex of a ladybug?
christian doppler contribution to sound?
what does DIEU AVEC NOUS mean?
islismtion?
I have dirt on someone should I dish?
Analysis of different shaft types and constructions currently available.?
Is O positive blood most common in native americans?
The possibility of real zombies.?
Who is the NEW rockstarband on NBC?
Bush, or Busch?
What is the death tax and who does it affect?
On Islam and Quran?
Nose problems?
Where did there universe come from?
Hrithik Roshan OR Shah Rukh Khan?
what are all the 7 wonders of the world?
what is labour management relationship?
Test your strength in math and get 10 points!!!?
How can I Edit My Comments now on My Space?
what is the best song?
is angelina jolie pregnant?
what is the best file compression tool ?
Do obese people only pay for 1 seat?
who likes Jehovah witnesses?
Is the United States the Whore of Babylon?
if blood replaced with water what happen?
how do i use spybuddy?
Should I tell her?
whats the most interesting thing at school that most teens think?
need some advice?
what is meant by oxidation number in the chemical reaction?
maybe victim of mind games=broken heart, need advice please?
who is sick of vince mcmanhon?
Social Security - Would you get out if you could?
Speak French?
why do we need to live?
my husband's surprise b'day ideas in ohio?
tips for faking sick and make it believable?
can anyone else not wait to see final destination 3?
Where will be the Olympics of year 2008 going to be held?
Is it easy or hard to believe in nothing?
Extinct animals???
Was Jim Caviezel directly descended from Adam and Steve?
What kind of goth are you?
How do I renistall a program on Windows XP?
How many satellites or moons does the planet Saturn has?
at what age men stop thinking about sex?
I need to know interesting facts about Greece.?
Can an American citizen become a permanent resident in China?
guess which player i like?
what do you think about my name?  Victor?
Illegal Immigration - Racist or Legality Issue?
So........?
who sings shoot that poisin arrow through my heart?
Do you really need religion nowadays?
Who thinks George Bush is hot???
Are you COOL or HOT?
what is the difinition of communication with people?
how can i get used dental chair in japan?
killers of the high country/walt diney/video?
define collagen briefly?
Limewire for Mac?
what colours personally mean to u?
Who is George W. Bush related to?
Who is your favorite Underworld character?
What will i do?
Blind Faith?
What do you have experience in?
what is a good starter paintball gun?
Unblemished character and first time offense?
is judaisim a race or a religion?
Which university in New Zealand is best to study accountancy?
where did the 1919 world series occur?
Looking for debit VISA account?
Will Nancy Pelosi hold true to her spoken word?
1/8: Juliette Lewis or Winona Ryder?
What's your favourite god and goddess?
should i leave with my boyfriend without my parents knowing??
will people be alive in billions of years?
Devout Catholics, what is the deal with...?
What three instruments were played by the Benny Goodman Tiro?
do you think God is real?
how can any one hang out and how can u have fun?
what is an antisense regulation?
I am looking for a video...?
dmk or admk?
victorinox vs. opinel?
cheating friend?
Feeling sick?
Help in C#!?
why everyone like beauty of women?
Do your arms get sore when you sleep?
Whose had a good dose of caffeine this morning?
What do you think of my NFL mock draft?
Is there an astronomy observatory in Massachusetts?
Did anyone watch the ECW on Sci Fi?
is great white heron extinct NOW?
Spyware Ad-ware and Pop Ups?
would you be friends again??
Is Tyrone Woud really some.random.hobo?
Why do you like to march and sing?
The bloke next door ?
I want a picture of a room in a mental hospital?
why muslims hate jewih?
Can anyone explain to me what express path financing is?
What does ADD stand for?
what are benefit of stakeholder management approach in ethical decision making?
Who knows how I can contact Fifa ?
what  is  the  treatment of    winter    depression?
Best ways to make money online....?
Crest white strips?
change the subject of the formula to the variable indicated?
how does a driveway affect business?
What species of Fish are unique to Argentina?
how do i get them whiter?
What do you think of this?
GIRLS only. please.?
Breaking  a lease???
whats APR when talking about a credit card?
how to preapre a monthly workplan?
Who is a fan of Edge over here?
Is wrestler 911 alive?
who makes the decisons in your relationship?
Bacteria containing Cellulase?
How many days are left until the 2006 world cup?
Firebird 1.5 on a Windows 2003 Cluster Server?
How do you say Aaron in Arabic?
relate research process to scientific enquiry?
what does adi mean?
A question about Viagra...?
FA Cup question?
what christian artist sing "who am i"?
Whats the best way to get rid of a double chin?
What are charter schools?
did desert orchid ever have a foal.?
Study Technique?
Math word problem?
How can I become a constructor?
what did you get when you took the ACT?
adobe photoshop 7.0 question..?
civil matter can anyone help?
Have you ever come in first or won anything?
Anyone else in the telecoms industry?
West Wing Evening Standard Friday Code, anyone ?
what is your fave color?
Do u know any1 who's annoying?
USC vs Oregon, who is going down?
Does anyone have their own business ??  if so..?
Do you actually read peoples' blogs?
kitchen hygiene rules?
Why do people put down God so much?
how can i overcome my fear of heights?
Do you know what's the difference?
wy amercan hav a bad speling ?
is Bush the son the devil?
How to fly?
Is it possible to bite your own ear?
How can I find an address from a landline telephone number?
what are some t-ball warm up techniques?
what site can i find a email address????
does banadine really work?
which side of the street are you suppose to walk on?
Do you IMVU?
What is the butterfly chain?
Alice and Georgie?
Screen capture video software?
is it normal?
What was the Primordial Soup like?
Christians, favorite \nBible verse?
Why do some Cities have 2 Sports Teams??
how did the USA get ready for world war 1?
This is so true when....??
a/b/c/d???
please do this for me?
what kind of music do u  like?
what does the word perfected meands?
how to start my speech on consumer awareness?
does denervation work and if so then how long?
Anybody else impressed with CM Punk in ECW?
how do i find out if a  check is counterfeit?
Straight up! No bull !?
how do you pronounce the word "Tomb"?
what is a nanomaterial?
What type of girls do guys like the most?
Is love a" HEAVEN"?
Which was the greatest team NOT to win the world cup?
whats the main idea of the preamble?
Where can i find Rey Masterios surgrey?
Klose and Crespo, who will score next match ?
What is the height of unemployment?
How many calories is ok to consume?
Please Help: How come this doesnt hurt?
Is anti-gravity possible?
who is tomboy?
Are the obese treated the worst in the USA?
Do you think Ronaldinho is better than maradona?
what is cardiopathy?
Who thinks Oprah should be president?
What is the fastest growing flower?
Should my son start Kindgergarten in the fall?
The Chancellor 83rd riddle?
How do I reduce my soring?
what does a girl look for in a guy?
How many Americans here are proud to be Americans?
What should I do?
can i see who has viewed my profile on my space?
tell me your opinion about adolph hitler?
Do you still remember your first kiss?
what is the funniest joke you know?
how do i put songs on a mp3 player??
Jonathan father (first kink of Israel- bible)?
what mood are you in?
An explorer goes down a river where red and green natives live?
how many people in the world have STD's?
what is meant by oppurtunistic infection?
what time is the first game at?
Are you cuddly?
What are the names of Santa's reindeer?
what is medical laborotory techonology?
scars or moles?
so what will be our future?
Hydroxycut- Any positive experiences?
the best way to impress a girl is my?
Who reads more books English teacher or Math teachers and why?
what will be the best buy for gaming laptop?please help?
What do you mean saying "international environment protection"?
help me with writing poem?
why has jako no sense of humour?
Financial Improvement...?
snooker&pool?
Should I date my boss?
do you think eminem is hot and why ?
what is powerplay in cricket?
Are the past, present and future really the same?
What is the meaning of the word Naive?
why cant I print from yahoo web page?
whats the square root of infinity? O_o?
What treatment is there for gout?
what is the meaning of pop up?
Is this going to win my girlfriend back?
Are you in favor with cloning?
his there any body online?
Baseball follow-up ?
Is there a phone number to find out about bounced checks?
what does pp stands for in a letter?
graph area and equation ?
What do you think about Gates Taking over as Secretary of Defense?
Al-quaeda and Taliban?
halle berry or tyra banks?
how do sea aneone breath?
Why did Thoreau leave Walden Pond?
Is Jansenism a ridiculous concept or is it just me?
who loves James Caan?!?
Do service-connected Veterans pay co-pay on their medication?
Convert Quicktime movies into DVD format?
Whats ur religon & can u explain it?
what is vat returns in india?
Does anyone like Dolly Parton??????
what's the difference between disease and condition?
Do you think students should be passing in order to play sports?
What is the meaning of prepositional phrases?
Where can I find a website on the Japanese Baseball Leagues?
If you were president of the United States....?
What are some things to do for a 13 year olds birthday ?
ketosteril?
Taking your G.E.D test On-line?
How should goverment combat gangs?
where are barrier reef in the persian gulf?
under perfect conditions how is this possible?
Why is tomorrow not a constant, but a speculation?
What do seventh day advents believe?
How come baseball players are always adjusting themselves?
How much did John Candy weigh when he died?
What is the theme song to Sons and Daughters?
How a virtual circuit is created by TCP?
what does everyone think of the show Mind of Mencia?
do you think that is posible that aliens exist?
I need help with this movie!?
What is the University of Oil?
Why did we invade Afghanistan and get involved in operation Iraqi Freedom?
How can you tell?
Goodnight Texas!?
Chromosomal Disorders and Genetic Counseling?
Amy Wright?
Was Abe Lincoln`s grandfather of Quaker descent?
Why won't women ask men out?
Do you believe that voting is a waste of time?
were the white sox originally called black sox?
who is the father of physics?
I feel husband is cheating again.?
Do you get that oogy feeling often?
how does microwave work in the kitchen ?
which plant has the longest days in space???
how i make my penis to good health?
What do we pay national insurance for?
Christians: Have you ever critically read the Bible?
Why do the Westerners oppose to those who like dog meat?
what is the lyrics to the song bubble gum?
pool aimers?
Which team will be won the match between USA and Czech?
Where can I find the Petty Castle in England??
Do people live for personal satisfaction or money?
where can i get a cheap (tft)flat monitor?
why do i have to verify my password every 5 minutes?
where would i purchase speedypos in Amercia?
Wat Do I Do?
TOS anyone?
Should history classes be reviewed to be less euro-centric?
Well how maney people will be going out shopping this Friday ?
Can I still vote?
guys, what do u expect a girl to do for u?
Need help on my tennis backhand stroke!?
What is the average pulse rate? Is 66 good?
What does the name Rayan mean?
Where can I get a prescription and glasses for cheap?
Where can I get info about Desert Fuchsia?
whats your emotion right now?
where do you find vermont state bird?
Who is Landon Donovan?
Is there....?
GIRLS what do yall thank of...?
What do you do if a person ????
please help me?
Is there gonna be another season of one tree hill?
What is your "Friend" don't call you back?
How many calories are in semen?
What country win the Fifa world cup more times?
what is the procedure for getting dubai nationality or citizenship?
What do you think the chance is of being born human?
how many years is a score?
what impact does divorce have on teenagers specifially?
grower or show'er?
Iran or Angula?Which one is winner?
Have you ever found buried treasure?
is ok to skip periods while on the pill?
Have you experienced Near Death Syndrome?
what are the main characteristics of bureaucratic management?
Anyone seen Mission Impossible III yet?
What happens if the Supreme Court ends in a tie?
For or Against (cont.)?
Whatever happened to Stereo Review magazine?
Do you like ice or inline hockey bettter?
Has anyone had identity theft from a paypal account?
fill in the blank?
how does people feel that men crossdress in to females?
What is this mental disorder called?
I need help Romeo and Juliet!!!?
can i train my shoulder muscle daily?
Have you read and answered Cloeens questions?
Red white and... Stupid!?
Prohibited Operation of a Motor Vehicle on Private Property Question?
What does the NFL playoff picture look like right now?
What will happen 2 me????
Why Bangladesh is so neglected in every parts in this world?
How do you prevent being attacked by monkeys in Kowloon?
Does umphire hair needs to remain in icc ?
Do you think this spell will work?
abortion being banned in states in USA?
who will lose tonight in the NHL kings, or sharks,?
Speed of a soccer ball when kicked?
What's the best diet pill to take?
what do girls want ?
I need to lose weight - please help?
do a lot of people play runescape?
mass comunication?
Lee Evans vs Jacksonville or Braylon Edwards against Cinci?
How does a butterfly get out of a cocoon?
what was Thomas Edisions 1st patent for?
How do you do Standard Deviation??
shall I join in MLM business?
How much is a Babe Ruth autograph baseball worth?
What ever happen to preparations A through G?
how do you say goodbye to your father when he is dying?
Why does ashish nehra not playing in odi?
why do my boyfriend and i fight so much?
Who's that???
Does anyone else get violation notices on here?
Best mid-sized city to live in?
Why is the Grand canyon a wonder ?
what are some world leaders of political office?
Is there a scientific ground in astrology?
Does anyone else find the weekends depressing?
Who created hedge funds?
what is the treatment for gall stones?
Any good web pages?
toshiba sa40-702 sound card driver?
I need help with my algebra hw?
how long does it take to get a MBA?
What is beyond space? Does it ever end?
what should my essay be on?
What are some Input devices?
How much memory space does a movie take up on memory card?
Does your boyfriend put everyone before you?
the best latest rock song thats out?
State Auction information it is real or scam?
OpenOffice Impress(presentation) problem?
who are you?
quote- you lose 100% of the games?
Should I tell my friend my feelings?
What's the name of Edge's theme song?
Is there any point buying those spinner flights for darts?
Should The Local Police Be Allowed To Enforce Immigration Laws?
Grandma ruined Thankgiving?
Is it safe to sleep nude ?
How can I sell securities in the U.S.?
i need arabic music lyrics and the translations?
Whats better rock music or hip-hop?
what does a asian rat look like?
natural hair lightning remedies?
How is it even possible to compare USC with UCLA?
What are the five themes of Geography?
different types of false ceiling used in interior designing?
Drug testing at school? legal?
what is the difference?
Who wants a couple of points?
bluetooth help?
Do men like fat women?
what causes electric shock,current or voltage?
How can I cite personal experience in MLA?
Is this normal in anyway?
So woman masturbate to?
What do you think about this?
What's the worlds largest lizard?
when someone says sassafras, what do they mean?
How do I stop this bad habit?
Over Active Thyroid?
Party Places For Children?
Where can I play or download the game of life free?
Nuclear War??????
why bangalore is cooler than chennai?
Simple math question?
.pdf to .doc converter?
I need some music help!?
hey does anybody cheer for the arkansas razorbacks?
Audio Book?
math help...?
Is it only the Communists who really care about ordinary working people?
Have u ever met someone famouse?
How do I tell my Fiance.....?
How do get rid of your pain from past situations?
How many miles is an astronomical unit???
How can we save the planet from religious believers?
what causes orgasms 4 males?
Is an attack on the United States imminent?
article of fedinand marcos administration?
The landlord does not like soldiers!?
Has anyone ever heard of Paramore?
Work question? &#92;?
how do you know that you have an eating disorder?
Joke! What do you think?
What is one thing you can't live without?
what is 2/3 of an hour?
how much is reggie whites's photograph worth?
Myspace question?
Can anybody suggest some good books on Hapkido?
Is It Too Early ?
How much does it take for Google to index a website?
which are the US southern States?
singing or dancing !? why ?!?
where the hell is waldo? he got away?
How do you get yahoo mail beta?
does he hate me?
australia pictures?
What is Reyners Disease?
What has happened to Idol winner Ruben Studdard?
All about Leeds United?
Did Kurt the Cyberguy get a nose job?
Question  for those wanting to get into Internet Marketing.?
are they really racist at augusta national?
Nascar Junkies.....?
I  would like a friend!!?
should I kill all my work mates?
Why do adolescents tend to engage in these behaviors?
Who is a better team Clippers or Lakers?
where are U2 myspace graphics?
how do you stop a friend from breaking your heart?
port emergency procedures?
who likes italians and why?
had an accident in a supermarket?
how can i use demo version ?
how can we solve child abuse in churches?
Public Relation People?
dumb question?
Bachelorette party games or Bridal shower games?
judaism question. Reform.?
answers of physioex?
Do You Think The Boston Red Sox Are Overrated?
excersising for ladies-- important question!?
Time for another joke... ...?
who do you think is the best baseball player of all time?
Are we being told the true story about Iraq check this link?
will ohio state buckeyes win championship?
Star vek, mesopotamija?
Will Bush have the election rigged by the electronic polling stations?
what is th scope of mulimedia in india?
How did scientist communicate with each other before telephones?
what is considered preppy?
Macbeth ..?
Who am I? (riddle)?
If Jesus is living where is now?
What's wrong with your face?
who has the longest run in NFLhistory?
Who sings Silly Hoe? 10 points again.?
Um, what is considered "regular"?
A question for people who answer questions.?
Can you locate a person by an IP address?
how old is jared padelecki?
Is it okay to wear a black wedding dress?
I have a huge problem with my friend!!!?
what is the best diet  for loosing wight?
Is Ringo Starr a great drummer?
what is the biggest number in words besides infinty?
When does the Ashley Parker Angel cd come out?
how do i study better? its math by the way?
different types of basketball surfaces?
how do you change your birthdate on ebay?
Math again plz help?
how will be the weathr tomorrow  in alex?
Panic attacks?
Are there any adverse effects of Tylenol snorting?
When can you retire from being a Registerd Nurse?
Does anyone know a good college to go to?
Wife is not a sexual type... HELP?
what kind of music that people like these days?
You know in the movies when someone does something stupid?
Is Sydney going to get a second AFL team?
El verbo correcto?
how can i clean my throat?
whats the best thing to do with the money I save?
how can you calculate kinetic energy?
Should i get a pregancy test on the way home?
What are exercises/tips for my periods?
Does every word in the English language contain a vowel?
how do i get a girl to know i'm single?
Have u ever let someone who was wonderful get away?
Military Recruiters?
why does my fiance do this???
Which University of Maryland campus offers an approved undergraduate teacher certification program?
When did you need help most in your life?
Are there any religious animals?
who is eric wellman?
Want help from English native speakers—2 English questions?
Where can you download free video's?
where is the FIFA headquaters?
how do you measure forward head position?
What is the military-industrial complex that Eisenhower mentions?
Do you think cussing is sexy?
Anyone Have a Mac OS X??
how can i find people to chat?
What else could go wrong?
does anybody know?
What is the most popular genre of  music?
online player?
Where to download a textbook for plane geometry.?
Frustration?
Who is better matt or favre?
Where is OSAMA BINLADEN?
how many versions of  the "common cold" are there?
Is God just all in the head?
hand gun control should it be increased or decreased?
What is mood? and How can I controll it?
Riddle time?
What do you know and think about the Cypriot Matter?
how do you crip walk?
I am 16 & my girlfriend is 13.?
ok, anybody, tell me ANYTHING?
am i abnormal?
How does the bible code work?
First love?
where to find a start up disk?
Who is your favourite women wrestler ever ?
How Can You Make Someone Not-Clingy?
How do you release stress?
IS it possible to lose 20 lbs by christmas?
Do you think its right to fall in love with your friend?
What is your favorite Isley Brothers song?
where can I get ARCHICAD user manuael?
How many languages are there in the world?
What r some good songs to download?
why does america have midterm elections?
Who is the author of "The Gospel of St. John?
Single Dads???
Another is my husband Gay question!?
how can i control my  (acer) LCD monitor?
Will humans evolve?
this might be a stupid question?
who do you guys get the picture for this thing?
Real Singaporean ?
wrestling grrrrrrrrr.?
has anyone discovered bout the mysteries of the bermuda triangle?
whats fun to do in Seattle in the Summer???
When is Amnesty Day in Michigan?
Kirk hammett or Zakk wylde?
Movie Stars Begginings?
what can i do t o help with a hernated disk?
Does any one know how to get on student exchange program?
how do you get colds...?
gone the distance!?
Is a religious Pesident a good idea?
What kind of jobs do illegal immigrants do?
How do you play lacrosse ? and what are the rules?
under what conditions is violence acceptable?
In too deep.....?
What does dress modestly mean to you?
What is the different between scholarship and financial aids?
where do squirrels sleep?
property lost.  what will you get out of it?
What channel is CBS???
Are the tops of the volcanos in Hawaii snow-covered?
How do I remove text overlay or tags from downloaded videos?
what is the best rivalry in sports?
in the book lord of the flies in chapter 7?
HELP !!! boy trubble?
Wich sport requires the most luck in order to win?
who is the worst player in the nfl?
format for a scientific research project?
how do you identify aHIV carrier?
Menopause questions???
who do u like better?
Is MyPraize.com a 'safe' place?
Looking for web sites with learning ideas for preschoolers?
Do you prefer jazz like me?
when referred to on computer what does default mean?
Physics help (see question below)?
has anyone heard any new songs that i should download?
what am i supposed to do now that hockey is over?
is fijian education compulsory in the school curiculum?
what is love?
What is a good basketball workout program?
guys only describe yourself?
when was escape theme park founded ?
How many satalise in the sky?
When will Yellowstone erupt?
Can you die from sex deprivation?
wash your a$$ or use the tissues?
Why do I dream About people in my past.?
Serious Sharp Pain in my Back!?
does any1 like bush??
why does my e mails frequently bounce back after sending?
what is the state of the union?
Taking high voltage?
how do u get a guy to like u?
I am looking for a friend?
what rapper got lip injections?
need help with relationship?
What is the best name you like?
how do i stop myself from eating?
what is aesthetic medicine?
do u know Jhon Cena deafeted in ECW?
hi r u intrested in love?
Who(in the heck of) was nefertiti?
When will the USA stop trying to force democracy on other countries?
who is the president of India/ and of Sri Lanka?
Skateboarding?
devout Christians only?
Why FIFA ranked USA third?
Is it illegal to shoot buffalo?
what is rise over run?explain?
Would you ever have yourself chipped [RFID]?
science paper?
Is privacy important in a family?
can some one help me?
are their real aliens?
What does this bible verse mean to you?
scope of BSc Computer Science?
What is this song ?
is it  illegal to hunt with a spot lite?
why are we not able to control our earr muscles??
What should be done about profanity on the internet?
Who sang 'Sleigh Ride'?
what is a beter sport basketball or soccer?
Are love and Madness never apart?
Is there a way to hack Gaia Online?
i'm having a hard time making up my mind?
can you backsass yourself?
why is there less fishing in cyprus?
Afrikaans speakers?
high school HELP?
do guys like girls who are really skinny?
So, who's taking the AP Chem test tomorrow?
I cannot access my portfolio.?
Do you know of a cure for Bells Palsy?
Can someone design a JAVA Blackjack game for me?
What's the world's fastest growing religion?
External Hard Drive- OS?
How many chromosomes did neandertal have/?
what does this mean? thanks ;)?
why do i get a violation email, and why this happened?
What is the husbands greatest wish from his wife?
How many Megabytes make one Giga byte?
Does anyone know the process to become a citizen?
I am suffering from obesity what is the remedy?
who is mike jones? i dont get it?
What does LEVEQUE mean?
when can hCG be detected?
Has the EU ever funded a football stadium development other than Liverpool?
The Season Finale of 24?
Look at my avatar?
How much money can be withdrawn from a Roth IRA once retired?
How did you react to your first dance?
How do I start my own Adoption Agency in Texas?
free download empty folders that u can save a password to?
ohio state or michigan?
why is bush so dumb?
Do you like Guiding light?
Measuring goalie equipment for online purchases?
Did you Know?
how to construct a theoretical framework in a research paper?
What is popular at the moment in Australia??
What if your best friend didnt vote 4 you?
Why is there air?
Who wants Uzap?
What key should i tune my guitar to?
what does carpe diem mean???
Why am having problems in downloading programs on line?
I have quick question?
business license?
is it possible to have toenails surgically removed?
What is the Harlem Renaissance?
is la raza is a hate group?
what does idle mean on yahoo messenger?
what were teacher wages in 1960?
Baffling math problem.?
Does diet coke cause anxiety?
custody battle, formal mediation?
What pisses you off the most?
where to get loans without all the bull?
South Park vs Simpson's?
what do u admire in a girl?
Does anyone know of any good paying work from home jobs?
where does allah live?
why do i have a heavy vaginal discharge?
what is proactive darwinism?
what do you like best?
did u ever have a crush on you bestfriends boyfriend?
Why do people get styes in our eyes?
Anyone know any good quizzes?
Where is the best place to snowboard?
Where is heaven located?
Do you think the Duke Lacrosse players actually raped that woman?
plz send me hindi movies instrument?
How can i use my TV screen instead of my PC monitor?
who is the best goalie  over all?
John Mcmurry  , Organic chemistry?
why is the heart referred to as a double pump?
Wich from these 3 are false?
whats a gullotine operater?
Feminist????
Ways to identify disease gene?
What has been your favorite R&S question?
Is technology causing people to become social hermits?
Why does every guy I meet try to conquer me?
When's the anniversary of Eddie Guerrero's death?
Is Santa black or white? Is God black Or white?
What is the difference between Renovation and Remodeling?
What does the words La Vake mean?
Where can I find a picture of a pine squirrel?
Is Bush glad the Democrats won?
how can you tell if its petrified wood?
Have you ever felt God's presence?
debugging tools in .net?
how many days in the week?
why do fools fall in love?
Can anyone help me with my demonsration . dealing with numbers?
Where Can You Get Pieces Of Nitanium Wire?
Is anyone watching your back? If so, who?
Should we just use the term Christian cult?
Who is gonna win championship play off final on 21st May?
es the best way to teach the political  parties a lesson?
Who is your favorite American civil war general and why?
On testing?
tell me ur fave 10 songs?
How do you get a blood stain out of clothing?
LDS ONLY PLEASE!  My mother?
What is the difference between intelligence and wisdom?
Who wore #11 for the Texas Longhorns?
Who is the best freestyle basketball player?
what are the misuses of information techonology?
Anyone else watching the giant squid special on the Science channel?
what are the effect of strike on citizen life?
how can i veiw images in dos?
Generator Circuit Breaker?
Money markets or mutual funds?
Is Ken Griffey, Sr. still alive?
Should I tell him I cheated?
Why is the sky blue?
what bank has free checking and no fees for college students?
What is the difference between Snooker and Pool?
What is the admission to Clemson University?
Does anyone freeball anymore?
what is capital of united Arab emirates?
What do you think about the new Arizona Diamondback uniforms??
explain to me what triggers a person's personality disorders?
Is reincarnation and past live exit?
y is everyone against arabs??
Breason Break <3?
is this puppy love?
What does the phrase "get a life mean"?
What would Jesus do about "Illegal" immigration?
does anyone know phlebotomy training in london?
should i marry him?
What are some causes of the Great Fire in London 1666?
what is the square root of orange(color)?
what is nopalinaza plus? what does it do?
how can i say tha im in love?
can you tell me what vindictent means?
I need serious help!!!!!?
What are some gifts you could give to your...?
Pirates Vs Ninjas?
What is the best way to pull a girl?
How do you cure chigger bites?
This is weird, help?
How could I make $500 grow?
Please help me find this~!?
Elevator Ghost at work!?
what is satans favorite disease?
What are the best exercises if you have two bad knees?
ncaa bracket?
What's the product you use the most of?
girl stuff only!?
how many adultfriend finder website are there?
what is the most popular programming laguage in use today?
Is there anything better then throwing your nuts at people?
What do you think of my store?
Who is for Ghana in the world cup?
when i get marry?
What else besides alcohol will make a breathalyzer read positive?
For those who believe in God, do you believe in Evolution?
Australian trying to understand American Football?
who invented the bullet proof vest?
what are the name of the judicial judges?
give an example of a food chain in a desert.?
where can i take capoeira classes?
Source of quote?
I am well-aware this is may be rather?
Have you noticed?
Do you think 15 is to young to be having sex?
why are so many U.k residents?
What cultures encourage productive males and females vs gender stereotypes?
my mother is suffering from Kidney stones.?
Who will be voted off next in American Idol and why?
Why do wind turbines always have 3 blades?
How many Bianchi bicycles are still made in Italy?
do you act your age?
How do I delete my Myspace account?
7 steps to Kevin Bacon... Harrison Ford.?
How many points is the pink ball worth in snooker?
how to access information data bases?
whats the best online free blog service?
can i keep?
deer hunters test?
Why is the sky blue?
Do you know this element? (description included)?
Why are the Americans?
who cares if hibs lets rangers beat them ?
What would you do?!?
Doe's oklahoma law stand in Iowa.?
what is the most popular soccer team in mexico?
Which do you like more...?
How do i set up an online shoe store?
What happened on the Apprentice?
What do you think about this?
does anyone know a home made treatement for dry hands?
'is it sports meaningful to students in terms of education'?
Do ghost / spirit exists?
i can not got any address?
What is the smart marketing?
when did Pennsylvania become a state?
What are the different types of redox reactions?
what is kundalini energy.How to activate it.?
Draw a UML Class diagram (Software Engineering)?
What should I name my  new boat?
I'm having a bad day what should I do?
Are you a Democrat against Republican beliefs?
whats your favorite number?
Songs About Domestic issues?
Who likes the show LOST?
How can u stop someone from snoring?
how do you get to 180.000 points?
Are your co-workers back stabbers?
Who here watches Dr. 90210?
how has volleyball change over the years?
gift 4 a guy?
Norton found a virus - is my computer ok?
Why are solid oxide fuel cells required operate at high temperatures?
list of software MNC's in bangalore?
why come police lied on police report?
what is an assembly drawing?
The production of s planetary magnetic field requires?
Is this all in my head?  What do I do?
make three wishes~:))?
which behaviour is normal and which is abnormal.?
A few pointers please on 'liking' someone.?
is it wrong of me?
seeking reliable rating services of mutual funds investing in non us stocks?
What makes someone a genius?
wat kinda anime show do you like?
Please help with this?
I wana make gifs?
Photo problem ..Read only file ?
i miss you in japanese?
are veterinarians governed by an ethics board?
how do u obtain a property lein?
Do you think Muslim- Americans are mistreated?
who decide?
What does the name "Marites" mean?
How can i get visa for the U.S.A?
what do you mean by asylum?types of it?
Which country is least densely populated?
Help plzzzzzzzzzzz?
What are the traits of a best friend?
Is there a website that lists song meanings?
Is anyone out there stationed in Germany???
whos left knee hurts & where do you live?
till what age a student should study?
what are the merits or advantages using ink jet laser printers?
5 examples of human viral diseases?
Where can I find a WWE evolution t-shirt?
find the area?
Why did the titanic sink?
Pimples and that time of the month?
My wifes brother sill lives with me!?
Where can i read Inuyasha Manga online?
why was Ho Chi Minh thrown out of school?
my math class situation?
Cricket question--what is a sticky wicket??
Will Kromkamp start for Holland??
What's the name of this song?
what do i do if my dental crown comes out?
delta Pe = q times Vba?
What channel is Champions League on?
What is a Cannabinoid?
yo momma jokes??
taylor hicks won!!?
why are the knicks losing?
Why are so many people afraid of knowing who Jesus really is?
Help please?
how do you cure "sour stomach"?
Racism of Mexicans?
Who is Mark Horowitz?
Help! My screen is yellow! Pleez help!?
will i pass my real estate exam?
who was voted off American Idol tonight, May 10?
What's half 1/2  of 7?
Are you "powerless" over certain aspects in your life?
how long do cardiac stents last?
why did the soccer coach give his team a lighter?
I need to know the atomic size for the element carbon?
how do u view texans?
can anybody help me find a boyfrend?
Suing Character Assassination?
would u help me?
why would microsoft make products that crash all the time?
Virus question.?
How thick is a silk fiber in micrometres?
does anybody have any cute screen name ideas?
Janet Jackson on MySpace?
Twelve Tribes/Yellow Deli?
does any body no how to get round the school network filters?
Heart Problems?
yahoo email driver file not downloading properly?
What religon is silvia Brown?
coloring pages for bananas in pajamas?
do you get bah at basic training?
Why is the Media so Liberal?
Is it true?
whats the wage for sacker in a grocery store?
Who is the captain of the ship?
Is it worth staying?
Please, some help and suggestions!?
why wheat market is a perfect competition market?
Did i make a mistake or what??
back problems?
Are girls made of sugar and spice and everything nice?
what is the importence of holding companies?
Can anyone show me.......?
how do i promote my web designing company?
how do u get im?
which shoe is better nike or reebok?
what does french sacra bleau mean?
What do you think of my MySpace profile?
I'm looking for boyscout food manufacturer?
Where can I find a good online Runner's Forum?
whats ur favorite body part on a man or woman?
what is new york's state seal?
if i strengthen my stomach muscles will it reduce my waist size?
how do i find my school records?
Do u think Islam is a good religon??
What is Cancer, and how do you get it?
If I have a friend that is gay what do I do?
squareroot of 7 rational or irrational?why?
How can PETA , support terrorist ?
Why do only 10% of men make it to heaven?
how do u describe death?
Was Michael Schumacher a cheat?
Richard Nixon's nicknames???
how should a bra be put on?
are scientists close to finding a cure for asthma?
theme song to airline?
who sings this song?
What is the importance of sex in sigle life?
your choice:communism or capitalism??
could you edit this text for me, please?
the great deluge?
Where do I find value of old magazines?
How should someone who is involved in SI be approached?
How long does it take to receive life insurance proceeds?
What tree produces the most oxegen from co2?
what is the best place to have a wedding?
What is the smallest fish in the world?
tangent line how do you find the slope?
what are the funiest or scaryest websites ?
What is the best student organization in the United States???
what are your 10 best nigerian songs?
You just won a free I pod?
limp bizkit?
What is the black stuff between elephant's toes?
do magnetic lines of force intersect?
1 SONG from each of these singers.?
can i lose my virginity from masturbating?
how to write a complaint against a co-worker?
What do you think?
Why doesn't the US government want to secure our borders?
Does anyone know a good web site to look up Indian folklore?
no gesture is universal, why ?
wut about them dawgs?!!?
Brownie points to kids of drug addicts!?
Don`t say you love me?
is freedom free?
What is a tilt wheel?
how do you deal with your six year old cousin dieing?
Why are there so many different Christian denominations ?
Why cant they stop hurricanes?
what is the moon's surface color?
What if the Confederates would have won the Battle of Gettysburg?
Why are most female therapists single??????
want does carbon react to why or why not?
Anorexiz in fat people!?
how can i lose weight for little or no cost?
Is skin beauty is important or Character of the person is important?
Whats your opinion?
How 'good' is your tap water?
how do you play texas holdem poker?
plz help me to sell on ebay?
the Applachian Mountains in the East or West ?
Should Porno be accepted in a serious relationship???
Where is the best place to invest in real estate?
Any software/ website which reads the mind of other person.?
What is your predictions for the Argentina v Ivory Coast Match?
should i tell my crush that i like him?
which animals generate electricity and how they do it??
About Sagittarious?
The Greatest R&B Artist Ever..?
Adderall worth side effects?
punishment for credit and check fraud?
where is the email icon on the new internet explorer 7?
What is the slowest growing hair on your body?
what are liver spots.?
Britney and Paris?
Mexico is finally going to help with the immigration problem?
How do I raise money for my parents' Christmas presents?
how to create afree website?
I cannot get my digital pictures to download to my computer?
where can i watch animated movies online?
Did walmart mexico stocks split? When?
operation of AM Radio Receiver?
Is the movie Syriana a good movie to watch?
When will we finally ITMFA?
Why does my school suck?
What is the game of cat and mouse mean?
Do you like to be called names during sex ?
why do woman have vaginal ordor?
how many African Americans are in congress ?
Does anyone know a website that i can just have fun on?
How to end the relationship with person who you love?
p4 43.0 gb spontaneously reboots?
how is hydro electricity created?
can anyone tell me my future?
I hate my best friends boyfriend??
How do you stop cramp when you run?
Is BTechBiotech Course offered by AIIMS?
How many people have NOT had sex?
Should the players Bring back The Biff?
Situations, will arise?
torque and forces?
Child abuse frequency in the United Stated during 1998?
I feel so depressed all the time....?
Why is Michael Schofields nickname Fish in Prison Break?
is it dangeruous 2 inhale helium?
is it good to miss him all the tym?
which type of motorcycle is the best?
what is chess?
how to survive a long distance relationship?
How i can  troubleshoot  network problem?
What president recognized the first presidental library?
do you think imcrazy?????
what are the procedures of a basic pedicure?
Have you tried this???
Beyond tired this morning?
American Idol Tie?
The page is becoming blank in all browsers?
which word???
Is podcasting financially profitable?
Having genital warts overseas...?
what is the best religion in ur opnion?
what is the capital of serbia and montenegro?
Whats "off sides" in soccer?
what is the history of fanny packs?
Does Nestle Low-Fat Milk contain lactose?
when does blue moon happens?
What does the synthetic compound PCU stand for?
Also does anybody remember a sci -fi called Chocky?
FBI Abbriveated as?
i need to lose 100 lbs in one year?
what is the effect by brushing our tongue???
alternate names to brokeback mountain?
Where Would You Like To Go Expense - Free?
Who or what is the Labyrinth Group ?
Would You rather be poor and happy, or rich and miserable?
I am Australian and want to learn Hindi.?
how many eclipse are there?
What gives with this heap of junk!?
How van i install a typing tutor from net?
I have a question about the final temperature of a system,?
Is not atheism a faith?
how big is the average womans breast?
is it true that after a bee stings you it dies?
Would you lie under oath for your best friend?
how to drop pregnancy?
Why was basktball invented?
Which is the best internet site?
1996 Oakland County (Michigan) Slam Dunk champion?
Are there any legitimate work at home jobs out there?
What is meanig of blogs?
Are you a big fan of Daniel Radcliffe of Harry Potter fame?
How many stars in the universe?
how long should i have experience pain after surgery for tennis elbow?
what is the first step in a research??
is there any other 8 year olds on yahoo answers?
How do i locate an old friend on-line?
Anyone know a good lawyer?
What is the number ONE reason you do not like President Bush?
movie question!!!!?
How do I remove songs from an ipod nano?
Anyone having experience with e-mail brainstorming?
how do scientists study Martian geology?
Does your soul belong to you or your god?
I need help finding out the name of this movie!?
what government agencies fight cybercrime?
where is shergar?
Don't you think hindi movies exploiting Indian culture?
when will the sound in your chat rooms be working again?
What's the driest region in Scotland?
the revolutions ( do they always require fighting?
What is G macing?
what is the exact speed of light?
who do you think will win the world cup?
Girls, do you really feel neglected during the World Cup?
Have you ever actually seen a tornado?
What is the quickest, most efficient way to quit smoking?
how can i call cheap from internet?
effects of "mint"..?
What's wrong w/ me?
keep it alive....?
Which rock band do you prefer korn or metallica?
do you have any tips on improving your soccer kicks?
Should i give this girl space???
What is a coal calciner plant?
what makes your magnesium to go high?
What is the universe made of?
Do you ever wonder why gorillas are such aggressive animals?
how do you get out of total embarassment?
Does anyone know how to cure back pain?
have you ever tryed the fat flush?
on myspace, how do i get a clock?
What is the most advanced/effective medicine for psoriasis?
How do I get a friend from Haiti into a US college?
Please solve this problem?
Why is the penis of a pig shaped the way it is?
Arash Educational company in Mysore?
how many traits are strictly mendelian?
what are some examples of helful biological viruses?
what is religion?
When dealing with yahoo site builder...?
what do you think?
what does a priapism indicate?
who was the frist person to land a 360 flip?
When you call its name it disappears.What is it?
is this a problem?
Guy Help!!!!?
suggest me to built my career abroad india?
forms real state?
how many seahorses are in the whole world?
No Longer Allowed?
what is the infinitive form of the verb believes?
how much dose it cost to change your last name?
why pain in right shoulders?
what material are the screws with rust protection made of ?
how can I get nice abs???
Is there a category for widows and widowers?
What county is Ontario, Oregon in?
You Tube??
What color is the sky in your world?
what is the wing speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
where is the best snorkeling in the keys?
Would you want to marry someone exactly like yourself, character wise?
How do I meet a Celebrity?
Fill in the blank?
Fantasy help?
Dance etiquette?
Why does laughing make you want to pee?
Which steps are to be followed for labourcost control?
Does anyone know anything about nursing?
Hardware Problems?
I went to buy a rechargeable torch.?
As students,what can we do to stop cloning?
Any advice for a painful achilles tendon?
what are the advantages on microsoft word?
What is a fantastic birthday present for a lady turning 27?
How big is 8 mm.?
What do girlz want from a man ?
what is your favorie T.V show?
Why does Corey Hart wear his sunglasses at night?
Who won the most nascar races?
Can the spirits communicate with us?
Do you know what channel Read or Die is on ?
anyone have bristol night race tickets for sale?
muscle damages?
Are They Any Good This Season?
How do you say hi?
I have no manners, how do I develop them?
i have just bought a racing greyhound and need a?
How do I join .wmv files?
did dolphins used to walk on land?
A question about "representational trend."?
when will the americans leave Iraq?
anyone knows of asianjokes website address?
wat kind of music?
what is tidal power?
Where are you from?
How do you...?
what does metformin er look like?
how long does it take jupiter to make one rotation?
what is the difference between making love and having sex?
Pakistan says bin Laden probably in Afghanistan , Do u agree?
How can I apply for a job as a cartoonist in Denmark?
Educational Loan Consolidation ?
What's your  dream career or job?
I dont know what to do.?
How much should a Preacher make?
Which federal agency enforces laws against counterfeiting?
which web will show solar eclipse?
Can someone tell me the title of this old movie?
do u lyke president bush?
PLS....I need Help!!!?
Who is Melissa Anelli?
Can the manufacturer sue?
What is it like to be a cubs fan?
what's up everybody?
What effect does the software retail market have on the economy?
what is 1000 plus 2000 plus 60 minus 40??
where can i find out about science fiction?
what is disadvantages of diet pills?
Who Do You Hate And Why?
Do you think the U.N. is weak?
3.The USA consists of what?
Do clams show emotions?
Who are hotter, Italians or Chinese?
Why does a massage feel good?
Who Is Gonna Win The Super Bowl?
bold and beautiful?
anyone with children that has this disorder please reply?
Super Bowl predictions.?
Streaming media?
whitch is best fishing barometer rising or falling?
What did you get on your ASVAB?
should we rejoice about sadams conviction?
why is ther a such thing as school?
Ice skating !?
Quick question for the girls about there B/Fs?
what is the song called raised on bread and Bologna?
Where do I go online to file my taxes?
Can someone give me proxy number for free,?
why is  douching not advisable?
weather setup?
I simply ask why???
do the army has units specially trained for amphibious assault?
What beautiful gifts did you give other people recently?
IS there any fast bowling competition in mumbai in may?
How far is the horizon from the observer at sea level?
Are your friends able to flip your Mood switch?
How do you get ready for a big test?
In my picture what is that sport called?
Has anyone here ever read A Cousre In Miracles?
does anyone know the benefits of apple cider?
Does anyone know a cool virtual pet or person site?
Italy vs. Brasil in the Final?
How do I set up a website,cheaply as possible?
did American people hate Arabs? if yes why?
natural remedies for bladder cancer?
Graphic card or CPU ?
what is minimum temperature at which a chemical reaction can occur?
How do we get to heaven????
What can you tell me about the sport Kurash?
What is the best way to come up with a business name?
Are there any good gay clubs in Columbus Ga?
From which one have you ever learned more?
What are some witty yet inspirational quotes?
MySpace Image Help?
is there anybody had reached that?
why does it get more humid at night than during the day?
American Idol..?
How was all that is around us made?
how much per year do new truck drivers make on average?
microcontroller small projects?
Zero Tolerance/Abstinence only policy?
where does the worlds best & the second best beaches exist?
who will be the surprise team of the world cup?
how long was snowboarding apart of the olympics?
Does Dear Abby  write herself when she has a problem?
what is it like 2 kiss under the moonlight?
sort of tough.but can be solved?
49ers NFC West Champs??
Gimme a love poem, please...?
when is the best time of the day to workout?
Any known cures for jock itch?
What is emo?
Why are diamonds so expensive?
Is viewing porn sites illegal in IL?
Why do guys look at...?
How many songs can I have on myspace?
Do You Believe Wal-Mart is Destroying America?
What shall i bet?
who won american inventor?
are you satisfied with low paying jobs?
my sister likes my boyfriend?
what is about boys and sports?
Is it weird?
can you help me find Sylvia Fowles biography?
Do women or men engage in more sex?
Problem with MS Outlook 2003?
San Andreas fault in california?
i want to know the types of women orgasms?
How do blind men have sex?
What are some good symphonic metal bands?
Why I cannot visit this website?
help with etiquette?
what is a fantasy basketball "can't cut list"?
how electrons flow?
Could you give me examples of foreshadowing?
who's your fav singer?
What does "Hunk" mean?
How does one break into voice acting?
what is asthma, and what causes it??
Whos a better pitcher Nolan Ryan or Satchel Paige?
length of three point line from basket?
why finacial statment has value for creditors.?
do you think your sex life effects your energy level?
Why is Windows Error Reporting not working?
configuration of dialup conn.?
Do you think  dhoni can bowl a bit?
Harrassment in the work place?
what is the dimension of an acre in feet?
Women 101?
How can I become less hateful and negative?
Absorption of Glucose?
question about natural daily activities, details below?
What is the study of insects?
could they be in legal trouble?
How do you answer this math question?
ladies can this be making the difference?
Do inmates make license plates?
how do i earn 30000 pesos a month?
For  people with bad credit ?
How to attract customers for in home adult toy parties?
Can you sweat under water. LYA?
who likes my avatar?
What do you do when...?
how do you get guys to like you?
Is 733 a good credit score?
how is data organised on a magnetic disk?
what do i lie on my future?
Is Sylvia Browne really that gifted?
Is it strange that I would like to have a mute wife?
How do you have a school/ school district investigated ?
Do you believe President Bush planned the 9/11 attack?
should I shave my balls?
does ne one know a homo or hobo?
What is the best free mp3 hosting site?
differences??
I know this has happened to you...?
What do I do?
im tired of it..wat should i do?
To the coserveitves?
What major does video editing fall under?
how are sand storms dangerous to people?
what is the most sd ram at the moment?
What is happening?
Do my boy friend really loveZz me?
what is the command to format hard drive in windows xp?
What is the most effective way to submit a television show idea?
What is spamming?
Where am I? It's in America!?
Six letter word starting with I and ending with ger?
what happened to al snow?
Why do some people?
Any suggestions plz????
the capital of michigan?
first us railroad?
Help with High Cholesterol?
wat is your favorite movie or show!?
How much do odeon pay an hour on box office?
19-1=20 how?
is it still cool to remain a virgin up to this time?
what can i do?
Why is Chicago, IL called "The Windy City"?
who is army chief?
What kind of pitches should I throw?
am i on fire or what!?
whose d president f america ?
Your opinion on the new spiderman 3 trailer?
what is the number of cows killed for food?
How do you claculate APR?
What is a example of a privately held corporation in business?
how to have a lighter skin complexion?
what is Andalusite? Where is it found?
Do it bother you when people pop there toes?
have you watch this anime?
what is true love?
do penis extenders work to lengthen penises?
how do you upload videos on youtube.com?
What are your best insults??
Math Question?
Explain the Age of Empires?
What is a fifa in relation to real estate?
Are You Sponge Worthy?
whats the best home remedy for aftershave for women?
Who was the goalkeeper of the Italy team in1982?
Have you ever had a premonition?
Where's the extra $?
what is naked short threshold lists?
How do I organize the books in my kindergarten classroom library?
What is the feminine of avuncular?
Name the strait dividing India and Sri Lanka.?
It is Sunday and i am board!?
Does the President answer to Congress or does Congress have no power?
Finger problem!?
Soccer rules dosn't it?
How much of your Christmas shopping have you got done already?
what is your favorite yellow page directory?
what is LOVE?
What gas is evolved when hydrogen peroxide is decomposed?
Do you think the Earth can sustain itself for much longer?
Can you donate blood if you are on your period?
what do you think happens in a black hole?
why does my wireless card not work in my notebook?
are there any rules for log ?
Do you belive USA entering world War II was justified?
What happened in Sierra leone over diamonds?
Girl Problem's?
has anyone taken the hebrew regent? is it easy?
why "Merry Christmas" and not "Merry New Year"?
is tindalll coaching works the same man whom committed fraud?
What is your favourite word?
what does this mean?
Are there any books that offer grant writing instruction??
Would Cut off your Right Hand for 1 millions dollars?
What are the top 5 business schools in North America?
What does this dream mean?
Who should apologize first to the troops?
When Do Wisdom Teeth Usually Come In?
An example of a UK state-owned firm?
do guys bleed while having sex the first time?
oscar awards in 2005@2006?
If your smart plz help!!!?
dose anyone know where i can get inexpensive contacts on-line?
totally confused about my future due to financial problems?
how do inprove you reflex?
How do you know a motherboard will fit a case?
What do you think is a good graduation present for a guy?
plz let  me know name of  port in uk?
Please Answer with the Quickness!!!?
Is a boyfriedn really need in this case?
Electromagnetic Induction?
1=2 Paradox?
what's in a pamphlet about measurement?
Whats so bad about weed?
What does phone s e x mean?
What is the highest goal margin defeat in the world cup history?
does anyone know about deporation or of any good lawyer?
The best tennis player ever???
are children of divorce more likely to divorce themselves?
Nights people (poem and question)?
Whats the best way for forming a beret?
What is the basis of irrational fears?
can an non activated mms Mobile can receive mms messages?
recurring ringworm?
What is the ohio state government website?
why is teddy ruxpin after my kelly?
what voting district is butler pa?
how many mins are in a 100 years?
Whats the difference between Blue States and Red States?
what do hurricane effect homes and live?
How much is a Ground Force Barry Sanders 1989 Score card worth?
how can I password protect an html page?
what is the use of RT PCR?
I need information about Peru?
how is CFL bulb made?how it became economical?
Need ur advise pls?
should there be reforms in prisons?
what does "the whole nine yard" comes from?
Dance production/creation software?
how can i find a good partner?
Why does love hurt  so darn much?
personal question, help me out guys!?
What is DVP racing?
university or seminary in jerusalem?
what best scripting language to create a forum?
do you agree with  goverments taking money from wishing wells?
Where can I get free Hannah Montana episodes???
Anyone fans of country music?
requirements for food stamps in n.y. state?
can you help me please?
Do you know Kate Allen?
Why will a bundle of long hair not stay in a knot?
how do we start???
what is pdt time?
Has myspace changed your life?
What is the biggest lie you've ever told?
i have to work shifts how crap is that?
What is the correct usage of "due to"?
i need a summary on a book where would i find it?
Should I go to Church today?
answer me this?
web cams good  or bad what is next==?
What is ya fave word?
How to make a drop-down menu for a website?
how to download animated flash from a website?
why do fruits have pulp around it's seeds?
how long can pengiuns stay under water at one time?
Where can I find womens clothes?
What are  some tips on great first time sex?
What is the difference between socialism and communism?
What is more embarrassing ?
A man walks up to you and says ?...?
What’s the best source of songs information?
Is it possible to prove the existence of God?
What is the difference between Krishna and Jesus?
Should Dick Cheney get the Medal of Freedom (joke)?
San Quentin Prison Visiting information?
Who's in favor of NATO enlargement?
who is the dem franchize boyz choreographer?
Do you remeber when you asked?
disability discrimination act?
Is intelligence an evolutionary fluke?
how long is iverson out for?
Should i stay or should i go?
Are you a introvert or extrovert?
i dont know if im ready...?
how do i make people like me?
what is the index of refraction of crown glass?
I need information about netwrok administrator?
how do you know when you in love with a person?
how to tell if your hymen is broken?
need a dentist in jacksonville nc?
Where do they find those girls??
how do desktop search engines work?
Keysha Cole or Mary J?
definition of marketing?
i need english language teaching?
is infilm advertising good for the product/brand?
help plz........?
Am I happier by myself?
By who was Korea storngly influenced?
How much money is spent on useless studies?
I want to learn how to write application letters?
what is ex-Lion running back Billy Sims doing these days?
How do I find a directory of female inmates in Texas?
hu ir ur 3 favourite?
14=86 15=??
football question?
Which celebrity do you think is the cutest?
how to build a outdoor shooting range?
what are the main microorganisms?
can i lay my pipe in you till you bleed?
Why does the Bible like smashing babies against rocks?
What would you do....?
Can I 'refuse' a mail order?
how can you know that ringworm are starting to heal?
any good online business games?
what is the name of the newly discovered planet?
I am 5 months pregnant and have gained... ?
Placebo !!!!!!?
what can i do to control excessive spitting when i talk?
Help Me! Im on Prednisone!?
What are the top 10 strongest metals in the world?
What does it mean to believe in someone?
what is your greatest or biggest fear?
who owns domain names?
what is WINLANG?
Oliver Kahn was defeated by Jens Lehmann!?
Lets get religion out of the white house!!!?
in football what is a nutmeg?
Was Einstein proposed to be the president of Israel?
Movie Maker?
"Great Expectations" another question...?
this JOKE is swallowed?
doctors and medical faculty please help?
Any ideas on what to do for your 18th birthday?
how old should you be  b4 you move out?
Have you ever gone ghost hunting?
were to get a mexican id?
Bronx tale?
Do you fart after eating beans?
What causes white spots in back of throat??
how is the financial condition of Vietnamese students?
Who is the longest reign of monarch of the world?
which do you prefer a gentleman or player?
who is the best band ever?
since Easter is the resurrection of Jesus .....?
This is a dirty joke, not for kids!?
Looking for Kenny Biggs country western singer?
Long term use of Birth Control Pill?
what is brain plack?
Will MSN messenger start to cost in the near future?
Just A Question?
Do you know any Greek teams?your opinion about Greek football?
[Calculus] Related Rates?
Timeshare refinance question?
Has any one ever been dead?
Waht does 'I blogged your mom' mean?
Anyone know of a good website for an apartment search?
free printable banner templates?
Why is Sunday substituted for the Sabbath (Saturday)?
What are the foreign policies of Niger?
How do you figure out slope-intercept form?
where can i find a formal dress for a wedding?
how can i trace birth parents from a different country?
What causes a tumor?
How to become a professional $hittter?
Why are temporary employees treated so maliciously in the workplace?
How is the executive nominated in a presidential sysytem?
What kind of state government is used in Nevada?
What do tantamount means?
What is a "beta"?
Can you describe to me what exactly the 1st  Amendment is?
Explain this antichrist and 666?
Who among these is India's Best Actor?
How do I convince my dad I am responsibel?
what is the best solution for a cracked heels?
Online amplified character map???
What is the safest country to live in in the world?
Anyone going to see V for Vendetta?
what instrument will never be found in an orchestra?
Is it okay ?
How often is ok to snack?
Have I got a problem with my eyes?
why the income tax slab rates changes every financial year?
OMG Markets are crashing (indian) what to do?
Why are priests perverted? Molesting boys?
What is the Da Vinci Code about?
Shall I give you a ride?
Why get upset over asbestos because it causes cancer?
What does income restriction stand for in California home rentals?
how do u work off a double chin?
help plz!!!?
What is the best girls college softball team???
who is the official sponsor of FIFA world cup 2006?
Are there any good dentists in goodyear?
are there people out there that like nascar?
how does temperature affect the speed of water?
Why would God perform a miracle for one person and not another?
what should i do?
Why is there so much hatred in the world.?
What investment can yield returns of 10%?
tips for a job interview??
how do u throw a four seamer?
WHERE IS PERSIA?
FURTHER ASSISTANCe?
what percentage of your body is water?
how could i install  internet explorer 7?
What is a word you say frequently that is uncommon?
what's a yeast infection and how is it cured?
how to invite new friends?
What were the hardships in Jamestown?
Which of the qreat lakes is the shallowest?
Whats the difference between fedral camps and federal prisons?
which are the best, england or france?
Where can I find a virtual map?
tell me baby...?
Why is everyone so obsessed with armegeddon?
could i loose weight by...?
Who will win the World Cup?
Any christians want to give me a job?
sound card?
i have a bitsh of a teacher what should i do?
Is friendship between a man and a woman possible?
why people drinks alcohol as on bed tea ?
What is the definition of God?
What Is PRI Line ?
Will you contact me?
Army  68 Whiskey?
Elocution and essay writing competition topics for school children children?
Which football stadium has the coolest name?
i`m looking for a science fair topic. any ideas?
Who makes this guitar?
Can someone please tell me what "maundy" means?
When will they ban adverts painted on rugby pitches?
Observable or Reproducable Evolution Evidence?
MS Access with ASP??
What  Do You  Want  To  Know ?
What did women do during World War 1 and 2?
What are some causes of poor sexual performance?
how to learn sql server 2000 in a day?
Who will win the SB41?
Whats is good to use to stay away from the RIAA?
Why do most people take the bible literally?
solve in terms of pi.?
can someone tell me the richer man on earth?
What are the hottest items college students are buying today?
system of governance?
Who won the Sequatchie Valley Basketball tournament in 2005?
I would like to meet a female penpal.?
Must men involve in threesome to get ultimate satisfaction??
Router to share internet only?
best  University?
Which is FIFA`s Preferred Team in this World Cup?
how does a spark occur?
Urey and Miller?
What is average fees for pursuing MBBS in US?
Are my Riddles......?
Is it illegal...?
I want a picture of Lil Kims queen b symbol?
Can dark matter be black holes?
How to smooth edges of pictures and text?
a hypothetic question tough to answer.?
what is the second most spoken language in the USA?
What are the first steps to starting up your own business?
what do I answer for your strong points and weak points?
What is the weight of the earth - with people?
Ancient Olympics help?
what is ur favorite song by Fall Out Boy?
does the new internet explorer 7 monitor your internet use?
Who else celebrates a WHOLE birthday week?
Anybody else love the new show : "The Unit"?
did some ever brake your heart before tell why if did?
why live, if we live to die?
will someone please help with a few math analysis questions?
What is your weirdest dream ever?
wwe game smackdown vs raw 2006!!!?
avatar contest # 1?
Is there any good graduate program?
Why does Phyllis Diller represent American Women?
what can i do improve my reading skills?
How do politicians and advertisers manipulate us?
Do we need a Dept of Peace?
how do I become an organ transporter?
wireless connection stuck at acquiring network address?
what is the best medicine for allergic rhinitis?
CPS and Police?
whats the best porn name you can think of?
would you kill youself for being so worthless in this life?
what is the best city to live in-in Delaware?
Why do Hindus believe in 330 Million Gods?
Which  team will win the cricket world cup 2007?
the negative side effects of snorting pills?
Did u like foot-boll players or boll?
What are Canada's main exports?
How do I....?
how does a streamripper work?
Are all Muslims Terrorists?
What military service deploys the least?
How about that liberal leadership.....?
how do you become famous?
What's the value of some of my hockey cards?
Is Chris Smith from Kriss Kross dead?
whats the asian head of state?
what does ibm stand for?
What are your theorys on lost???
So Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear...?
Is it gay to look at a picture of guys?
What evidence would you give to support this statement?
what is the legendary origin of the philippines?
what are entrepreneurial schemes?
can i execute multiple exe files from inside another c program ?
where can I find individual players gidp stats?
Do you get nervous around bikers?
how do I become a precious metals broker in Canada?
what do the points stand for in ask.com?
Does Arizona Have a State Income Tax?
Has anyone ever used herbal supplements for allergies?
is there any healhy effects of electricity to the human body?
Is La Cie a good brand for external hard drives?
What is a good research author?
what is the purpose of criminal law?
will England win the cup this year? or will Scotland?
daily life of piegan peoplelife?
Living Arrangements with Kids & Ex?
is it right?
Any managers out there -Please help?
any one else still use the patch?
Traumatizing experience?
who has heard of bella morte?
Does the Christian God thrive on death?
Your Chocolate Age... lol?
Help! I need help with advanced algebra!?
Where can two gay men get married?
Are there any REAL MEN left?
Who do you want to get your Hanes on?
Is truth anything a society deems to be true?
What is like in USA?
For Iranian fans only?
Nervous breakdown?
what is the bond that holds a family together?
Report on the life history of any great mathematician ?
What is the proper address to Japanese male?
I call them sugar bumps.....?
Pebble or Shell?
Should I get the T-Mobile Sidekick2?
Can someone be sued if?
waht phone number is this 250 720 4400?
Just how did Bush get reelected ?
Why do  stores  open 24 hours a day  have  door lock?
Doesnt anyone read anymore?
Where can i find title information on a morgage?
Have you ever heard about moveon.org?
Yet another Da Vinci Code Question?
Experiment that proved different people will express the same statement differently?
Do u like Bush?
without money, how can I not be alone?
Words to "7 minutes in heaven" By Fall out boy?
Do you like JBL?
which kind of lasers are used in fusion reactors?
what is a multi card reader?
Do you have any superstitions?
will you help me???
Why do girls hate asian guys?
life cycle of a cardinal bird with picures?
Divorce filing city - India?
Are you good at divison?
Eminem getting divorced already?!?!!?
Does anyone know if you can join the army while on probation?
guys 30 years and older answer this?
and can I get that to go please?
Looking for a Long range "sport" rifle, any suggestions?
where are some places to meet a good guy?
miley world....?
what is a germ cell?
have you ever seen a gay dude in a thong?
Is necessary now to remove phatan from test series?
Does this commercial make sense?
It's Friday?
What's on the other side of a black hole?
Where can I buy a portuguese saddle in uk?
can anyone help witha  knee?
Does barometric pressure have anything to do with sleepiness?
Which animated family is your favorite: Simpsons or Flintstones?
what is the dark side of federalism?
web comic question?
what is the best prank?
Can sex give you a headache?
How many calories in a donut?
what exactly is a "click"?
help dividing polynomials?
how to reduce weight with out excercise.?
Have you ever wished you were older?
Do Chinese people think all white people look the same?
What Will You Feed Me (kind of cruel)?
do u have aol?
Why did the USA invade Iraq??
what does it take??
What is the best fertiliser for golf course?
Who is running for governor of Tennessee in 2006?
Are these three sentences correct?
i still love britt?
Please explain how invisalign works..?
what is gay word mean?
What is the obsession of guys picking ESPN over their girlfriends?
what is cyberlove?
Does FedEx have Chinese service?
What is daylite saving time for?
Extracting natural organic oils?
Lars Leese - taller than trees???
exercise????
What is contemporary communication?
How the law protects workers? (OSHA)?
Best singer: Andy Williams or Steve Lawrence?
Why doesn't everyone drink green tea?
What do you do if another woman "likes" your man?
Can execution ever be justified?
how has the state of israel born?
How is the IRS bad?
Is happiness that difficult to find?
Do people like the yahoo music site in Australia?
web site for ncaa challenge?
I've been thinking...?
"man Law" beer commercials?
Are Jordan's breasts real?
Have you ever adored someone from afar?
when u throw ur boomerang does it come back?
Isnt......?
For or against?
why do u think president bush went to India?
What languages are the closest relatives of modern Faroese?
Who is OJ kidding?
please tell me how to start carrier as book translator?
whats the best way to live life?ideas please!?
why do some people on hear take life so seriously ?
what do females want to hear from guys?
how do I get rid of marks left from sunburns?
How can I get pregnant?
how to slove this equation 5y=16?
website with the exact seat for bar spins?
How can I help my partner help me have an orgasm?
What kind of crops are grown in China?
How do you apply for a stafford loan?
what does perivascular fibrosis mean?
please somebody tell me a sure way to stop smoking?
What male tennis player won the US open in 1999?
Why i cant open my e mail?
Does every ovul have the same genetic info?
Is Jason Mraz a homosexual?
who is the girl in the old spice commercial?
Why so quiet here today?
help with entertainment?
Kelvin Sampson to Indiana. Your thoughts?
The Infancy Gosple of James?
can i neat only negative calorie foods?
What was the date that you joined Yahoo! Answers?
compressed air network?
3^6-4rx6r^4?
how can i reduce my cholertrol level naturally?
What was your most freaky dream?
how to input the integer number to the socket using java?
Best way to earn 1 million dollars?
has anyone heard anything on when Batista will be returning?
Are you happy with your religion of choice?
King Booker the Undisputed Champion?
how are the Sabres doing?
can the optical nerve be replace in a human being?
Still Having problems at work?
my boyfriend is shy to kiss me, what should i do?
For the girls......?
........????
Does anyone know where I can find Brokeback Mountain online?
whats the average baseball hit of a kids baseball game?
Who is the best all around baseball player in history?
who is the best european player in 1980?
Which came first, the animals or the plants?
What did the bean say to the man in the boat?
Ladies, describe your dream wedding!?
Is it true that people go missing on myspace?
SAT, ACT or both???
i am a gay teen, what should i do?
Can i get a wife from the US?
Chemical burning and the sun...?
who makes the fastest +p+ 9mm ammo?
Calculus Limit Problem?
OMG!!!  Please help me!!!!?
Father and son that played in the NBA?
HElp graphing inequalities?
Can an inmate that has not been convicted, write home?
Which is the worst Oscar winner movie?
Kasey Kahne Commercials?
I used to love one of the snickers commercials.?
Why do more educated people vote Progressive/Liberal?
Can you suggest a website to exchange e-mail addresses?
why is Mel Gibson running for California governer?
What is LIFE?
In clinical phase what does MRI means?
when does the ssc result been show?
How do I interpolate?
In bowling...what's a perfect score?
what will happen?
US Marshalls what do they do?
can home remedy clear bladder infection?
what does this mean?
log functions..?
Has anyone ever tried to fry your brain in a microwave?
what questions would you ask on the constitution to make a poll?
Italy and France national teams good and bad qualities?
Does anyone have a name that literally means something?
Why are womens husbands so sexy?
Do u Know any tools for voice to text?
Which is better: Linux or Windows?
about your feeling?
any ideas whats causing this?
any good site for getting indian statistics?
What do I buy my boyfriend for Valentine's Day?
Marriage Vow Question?
Is Everything Observed In The Universe Really There?
What kind of sounds do instruments make?
Find the slope and y intercept when x=-7?
Has anyone had or have a prolapse uterus?
what processor will work for Elonex Artisan?
Does anyone else have guillion berea syndrome?
jailed for speeding?
how much does an abortion cost?
what is the pattern you see?
What is a good diet that I could really stick to?
What kind of posters is attarctive 2 teenagers ???
xanga comments?
How many more games will T.O. cost the Cowboys?
How Much Do Commercials Cost?
Why do people from India have smelly breath?
Which is the smallest country?
Does anyone know when the new final fantasy film is coming out ?
End Lease Agreement for Medical Reason?
Is there any country where school finals can be done online?
at what temp does water boil?
Why is Pat Robertson such a KOOK???
How do i fill a application for kennedy hospital online?
What workout do you do for your tighs?
What ever happened to When In Rome?
50 cent  v.s. the game?
how can i sent message 2 mms mobile through internet?
Please tell me, which religion is not corrupted?
Please help!?
what can i do to improve the growth of facial hair??
What's you biggest complaint about using topographic maps?
physics help please!!!!?
Who did it?
Have you ever closely watched deer in the wild?
i need help?
The Teaches of Peaches???
What is communication and the different ways for communication?
Breaking a mamma's  boy?
what race of guys do you date?
Where can I find me a big bad wolf?
What do you think of Platos republic?
How can you tell if a girl likes you or not?
Can you detect a level of blackmail in this communication?
what's the best remedy for siniusitis?
Who is the best soccer player in the world ?
Dilemma about whether or not to let son play football?
where is the real happy?
Who does the voice for Marge on the Simpons?
Should national service continue?
What should Manchester United do?
looking for my dad?
would a sagittarius ever ?
i want a cute sweet boyfriend that is about 13 or 14?
help please?
Should people go to the Bermuda Triangle?
How can I enable horizontal scrolling in Dreamweaver?
how tall is 168cm in feet and inches?
Qualities of a Early Childhood Teacher?
What is the funniest/coolest superhero power?
Who said this?
Tap or bottled water?
What could be one of the best gift to girl ?
Global Mega Lottery?
How many FEMA trailers are in New Orleans?
brain teaser?
What are the consequences of game addiction?
Is Pakistan to be trusted?
Who else thinks Liverpool didn't deserve to win ?
weight loss wonder DUROMINE?
Gas Company Boycott???
why are people stupid guys are really stupid?
What is the best way to get revenge on someone?
God ask Joe about water molecules?
do you prefer a certain race in a guy/girl?
what year did the Pirates win the pennet?
How much sodium does advil have?
Does anyone go to passaic high school and is indian?
I hope this works?
Why is life so complicated?
What's the most annoying commercial you've seen?
who is the best sportsman ever ??
Whats wrong with bi sexual girls?
What do you know about yano mamo's?
how can you learn to do a back walkover by yourself?
where can i learn all the rules for basketball?
i am looking for sheehy family history?
who thinks slim shady is cute?:(?
Does any one have any mastubation tips?
All factors of 120 and 64!?
Aim Triton Buddy Icons?
eknc family?
Who shot J.R.?
connecting a cable modem to a wireless router ???
myspace layout site?
How could we know that our friend lies to us?
what is the farthest planet?
Sports fans?
what cocaine based drink did Queen Victoria like?
hay girls what do u'll like in a guy?
Anyone taking/familiar with Geodon and Lamictal?
Is there such a thing as school fatigue syndrome for children?
What is the best anti virus software for my computer?
"Wedding Song" from 'The Lark' ??
i need buddys?
who is a better leader hillary or bush?
What are some positive things about fossil fuel?
How can i find information about my birth mother?
What does a low pass filter do to audio signals?
How do you feel about your significant other???
whats the race card?
how do i turn off the logging of keystrokes?
Scottrade.com?
please send me points on advantage of travelling?
What's the richest kind of air?
Admission to U Penn?
How would the legalization of marijuana positively affect the world?
Ringtone clip maker?
will the redwings win tonight?
Careers advice in Engineering?
To all AF pilots?
I am looking for a poem for a new teacher.?
what is the meaning of the name Liam?
who is the biggest selling porn star of all time?
Should i find a new job?
World Cup 2006???
i need help with significant figures?
will gay marriage break down the Roman Empire.?
Which of the following represents a variable environmental factor?
How do you understand the "time is eternity quote"?
When was Rhode island established a state?
What are u upto this weekend?
WR Debacle who to start?
potty training?
What is another name for a line of latidude?
A guy carrying a cross on the highway.?
What is the legal drinking age where?
Ejaculation Velocity?
how do you tell your real friends from your fake friends?
How do you stay focused in class and not get distracted?
Do you love me?
Does earwax really affect your hearing?
how do i get to my yahoo mail attachments?
spoken english?
What are the Lateral Area and Serface Area formulas?
Who is the only US president to serve two non consecutive terms?
what are those little white bumps on a womans face?
What does "Sexo Mundo" mean?
Does anyone have osteroarthritis?
Would you be Tom Cruise for a day?
should my daughters do gymnastics?
Does the Pope smoke dope?
PowerUp MP3 Player firmware update?
All I want is a hovercraft?
what is the international price of edible ethanol?
Any Pakistani female girl here?
what would you do?
What was your college major and what are you doing now?
Why are people so afraid of ghosts?
what are you thinkin right now?
Do you find clowns and mimes CREEPY?
Christian lacurwa ?
what do u like about tennis?
Who has seen the movie "A Walk to Remember"?
What is the sum of the infinite series?
Have you ever done meth?
Do the workouts in seventeen magazine really work?
Most chilling scenes in films ever?
can you identify true love for me?
the effects of background checks for employment?
Am I okay? I have a bump.?
Who likes Dj Emperor Rosko?
Wh are some customers rude to employees at stores?
What excercises add lateral strength to knees?
why is using all capital letters rude?
Is Emily Osment dating her co-star?
The bad boy theory?
Why my computer crushes all the time?
Shaving after 4 months..?
U.S. population to reach 300 MILLION in?
where can i donw load a free calnder?
Equate please?
How do I cut up Buffy?
hydrogen peroxide?
Who should I start, Lee Evans or Joe Horn?
ebay experts only?
pains in chest?
how long does it take to cook collard greens?
mmbv2098 datasheet?
Should i get surgery on my acl?
How do I go about bringing my Iranian husband here?
Is "flatulence" flammable?
Humans flyin? livin under water?
MLA research?
Wanna be virtually immortal?
Citing a Quote?
What are uses of metalloids/semi-metals?
What do you do when you can't sleep?
How does deducting property tax for a home work?
what is the white colour for?
DO ALL women have BISEXUAL tendencies?
SECURITY job!?
government question?
what is emdode?
Which football team do you support and for how long?
Are you bielive for Ali Daei in Iran?
how to start designing my own web site?
I need parentel control for my computer.?
Is football a popular sport outside of America?
how to find somebody?
Do jellyfish sleep?
What is the link between idealism and pragmatism?
Which is your favorite Tom Waits album?
Which is better-our interest or our previous records in studies?
how do you send birthday cards by email?
How much money to Veterinary Assistants make?
i need help?
Is anyone out there from Howe Middle School?
what is a pendulum used for?
Vulgar Latin to Arabic to Modern Spanish.  How?
kWhats the worst virus there is?
How does the SSL Security System in Internet Security works?
Physics Help!!?
Is listening and spelling reciprocal activities?
how to recieve bush email jokes?
can an army record be looked up on the internet about somebody?
Which CSI would you pick?
Who wants a free ipod?
Mom Vs Dad?
population of usa?
what is rabies?
White Girls with Butts???
Why do we have Daylight Savings?
register with the exam and sat for the exam last month?
What is the Google Algorithm?
what the hell is going on ??
Why do humans roll their eyes up when thinking?
What are you afraid of?
Why is it so fashionable to be down on ourselves?
does anyone remeber their first kiss ? ...?
Do you know where the lowest point on the earth is  found?
usa + ussr = ?
What´s the meaning of ...?
will i ever see my ex-gf again?
all of our Prophets are asian!!!?
how do u answer ur phone??
what is a wailing banshee?
Choice vs. genetics: Does it really matter?
where is a3 rd degree heart block?
How do I tell my Boyfriend that I was raped?
What am I? Pics inside?
Piccolo's heavy clothes training?
for those who have experiences in break ups?
what time is the mundine vs green fight?
Is there an antedote to Viagra?
......YtMND!?
Who will win the Libertadores, Chivas de Guadalajara?
why do people sneeze?
What purpose does a beard serve?
long term effects of microgravity?
Which is better,Jamagic or Game Maker?
how to upload more than 12 pictures on myspace?
How do I know if someone is on Heroin?
What is a Dolly Lama?
Whats your opinion on Barry Bonds using steroids?
No power to tax?
What Scientist or Science says about Psychic feelings?
period help!!!?
Who is your favorite singer and ro model and why?
How good is 'Hinduism' "???
how can i transport a jet ski in my truck bed?
Has Pennsylvania ever executed an inmate on Death Row?
Whats the biggest bittorent tracker?
Mountains that formed when two continents collided are what?
What type of Plea Bargain to expect in Kentucky?
would john cena ever love me?
computer help??
Is Vengence God's alone?
what do women really prefer....?
Contestant on "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?
what is spitfire?
Can I sue for pain and sufferring?
Are you nosy?
Should animals be kept in zoos?Why?
the doctor asked the pregnant woman-----?
what is your definition of love..?
why do i keep getting called to jury duty?
Concealed weapons question?
Darkened skin around Vagina.?
what are you going to do on your spring break?
Should they have instant replay in baseball?
Who here is going to Warped Tour?
do u know where I could download free underground music?
SAT score??
what are body waves?
Abusive non smoker people...?
give the name used to refer to a complete cloud cover?
im still friends with my ex gf?
What is the definition of a REAL MAN?
dose any one like gothic music but isnt goth?
A phrase that means cruel?
Home foreclosure information?
what is your favorite time of the year. why?
Israel...Jerusalem?...UN?
UK OR USA?? Where would you have a better life?
Any one from Ukraine?
Help Having isuus with my period?
can 7 cu ft be converted in kilograms?
Where is the best place to sell edocuments?
why r some people so cruel?
do you think 9 years old is too young for dating?
do u like ur work?
Do you think there is more Evil or Good in the world?
i need a story on how bar fruit is caused in chickens?
when will i start my period?
do most guys pluck their eyebrows?
What is a current issue between Native Americans and the federal government?
sewerpermits for houes?
what kind of politics in U.S.?
who sings this song:?
Answer only if your christian?
USPS Policy?
Who are the top five male tennis players in Britain?
If you could design a hot air balloon...?
Does anyone know what song this is?
diving catches in the nzone for a touchdown?
wich of the following statements discribes parallel lines?
help with etiquette when greeted by a man?
Was anyone Born on 4th of jan 1989 here?
How to create a company or business?
What kind of moth is yellow and pink?
what does it mean Sevadal?
what organ is located below the rib cage on the left side?
what does your name mean?
Lovehandles??
How many people enlisted in the US military in the year 2000?
how do i deal with my luv life???
what is an oblique parallel line?
can any body send me a phase diagram of water.?
what ball is best to use on a sport shot in bowling?
Is it me or are schools really strict these days?
What is the closest star to our solar system?
What's the synonym for thesaurus?
Can I file my 2004 taxes online?
can an employer cut hours from accrued vacation days?
What are you working for in life right?
WIMPs or MACHOs, which impacts Omega more?
i have to find an object that is twice my mass?
are there any alien beings in area 51?
Virgo men?
work problems?
directX problem?
Is George Bush guilty of murder?
what 4 things did this president accomplish while in office?
Was the Soviet Union an ally of Poland in World War II?
Anyone need a little blessing in their life right now?
who do u think is the best in cricket?
how many ounces in one pound?  16?
Has God already decided who is going to heaven?
Can the typical Thanksgiving dinner include popcorn?
Is the movie "Far and Away" historically acurate?
any information on Alice Acerno?
memorable movie quotes or dialogues?
What is mean by PREAMBLE (constitution)?
is there any wrestling shops in las vegas?
What do you think about this guitar player and this song?
how do I get this equation into x-intercept form??
Looking for little league baseball drills with pictures?
Chess riddle??
How old is the world?
Will these images help you want to stop the war?
"Do u find this attractive?"?
what are the different ways of downloading files ?
chatr ooms with anorexics?
Where the "big bang " happened?
what educdation do you need to be a nurse?
How to play basketball in a short summary?
Best self-help cures for insomnia.?
what is the most abundant element?
how to play games from limewire with spy sweeper?
who is the spinner king?
Can I listen to NFL games through Sirius online?
how much is $150 dollars in £?
Praising other men, is that disliked by husbands?
I understand that muscle weighs more than fat ...?
help me please?
do Roy Jones Jr still have good hand speed?
How much money do Moive Directors make?
does anyone know a website for cheap golfing equipment?
will i lose her?
what is the real mean of dating ?
Can I get yahoo email search to include bulk folder?
difference between history and theology?
how to correct red eye in photography?
What are different ways to say I love you in different languages?
Is it correct to say "decreased threefold"?
who is crazy eddie?
Where can I find history facts for football?
How to find my wife in Plano, Texas?
Why do people like sports?
What is the average number of sexual partners for a woman?
I drink alcohol to ease my panic disorder.  Can anyone relate?
What was the time-line of the Vietnam war?
how many perfect seasons were there in NCAA Men's basketball?
Can you tell me something about the Fourier Analysis?
Anyone know any weird or obscure laws that still exists?
where can i find outlook email folders in file explore?
Against whom and for what reasons...?
How do I delete my past Google searches?
what is the most effective drugs for staph aureus?
what does RawR in chat lingo mean?
how to recover when your too low in your life?
Why wont my XP desktop search utility work?
what part of our brain affects what type of music we like?
what came first the chicken or the egg?
formula for spherical?
What do you tip your hairdresser?
how to treat girls?
Where do I find pictures of dentistry?
what would President John F kennedy....?
Jesus and God.?
do you think weed should be legalized?
She's very strange with me ?
is it true that no nation can withdraw from the UN?
What is the best way to break up with a boyfriend?
How can I make him understand?
wher can i download good movies?
What trail have you blazed?
how to get a working permit in U.S.?
Existence of a gay gene?
Diagnosis  for ICD9 code 724.4?
wat would happen if there was no COMPUTER?
In what year did the smaller 50p piece come out?
what insects besides bees make honey?
waht are the functions of hydra?
What do you think of this new liberal media lie?
What is a crossover cable ?
How cheap is the 'part buy - part rent' scheme?
is van der Vaart injured?
why cant tom ever catch jerry?
who was your first love and why??
what should I store my rabbit vibebrator in?
is anyone bummed that the suns are out?
Who else really hates Brenda and her Brendalization!?
what are you watching tonight?
What does this mean!!?
what causes blood pressure to lower?
Why are the pizza hut workers so upset with Dusty?
am looking for ideas?
where can I find a street dance lesson in Croydon, Surrey?
For a small business, is operating capital tax deductible?
How many vertebrae make up our spine or backbone?
What's Actuarial Science?
What is the use of motherboard in a processor?
Write a balanced chemical reaction for the combustion of hydrogen?
How is my essay for applying to private Catholic High School?
the meaning of motivational?
What do you think I should do?
Crushin on this guy BIG TIME?
how do u get a boyfriend?
free file sharing software?
Ever heard of a gnat called an "Angel"?
Who invented glasses?The Chinese or the Westerner?
Is Coca-Cola bad for chipmunks?
what is fibrosis neuralgia?
why are shoes called dogs?
What is your wish????
Why do people treat cashiers with such disrespect?
What do you think of the Rockets right now?
How do you control emmision?
can i go home?
why will attachments not attach with yahoo mail?
Whats wrong with the Doodlebops?
this question is about world cup football...?
Is Tony on 24 still alive?
Flat belly...how?
What is the best book to learn about chaos theory?
How can help my friend quit smoking?
Now why would you go and do that?
What is Missouri's state motto?
How do you train your mind to think positive?
what does navigatable mean?
If you suddenly woke up...?
how is germany combatting international terrorism?
ladies Do we have more gays them mans?
do you watch that's clever?
How to handle the critical stage of my life.?
Need more ideas for witty remarks, any ideas?
Who is your favorite james bond portrayer?
Why ladies are moody?
Anyone know of a good dating site for people 50 and older?
Can American work for the MI5 in london?
I am working on a disaster plan.?
Unsafe start violation!?
Where can I find reviews of different US banking services?
Rosary....Powerful or Boring?
Are people really that afraid of 'illegal' immigrants?
my boyfriend and i broke up?
do we have patent for ideas?
why would one pupil be larger than the other?
how many people have diabetes worldwide?
How do you say?
Statistics: miscellaneous hypothesis questions?
if a guy looks at you....?
how does owner financing work in texas?
What are chromosomes made up of.?
Lacrosse, defensive heads?
Who will have freist corner between Italy and Ukraine?
what is um.msi and where can i find it?
AutoCad size problem, help please?
are Hondas sprot cars?
Prepay for Invisalign?
lyrics of high by speak?
why is diesel dearer than petrol in the united kingdom?
Is there gonna be a Rush Hour 3?
freinds theme song?
Does time have any objective reality outside of the human mind?
What is the word salary in job adds include?
I need practice my write English, somebody my help?
Muslims: Did you know Muhammad never did the Hajj?
will chamillonaire marry me?
My <button> tags dont work in IE!?
What is the best way to meet someone besides bars?
what programming language should I learn?
I like this guy but..?
how many bones are there in the human skull?
Do any of you use moneysavingexpert.com?
how to download the vr juggler software?
Will hippos ever become extinct?
the most viewed pages or sites on web?
Who is the most popular person on MySpace?
Guys? I have a question.?
10 Hottest actresses of all-time?
What should I name my Dog Grooming shop?
What is the best music album you ever heard?
Help securing employment for Filipinos wishing to migrate to canada?
is it ok 2 make my 14yr old a debut?
anybody that uses ARES!!??
So I hear once you go black.....?
fed govt. complaint filed,what should we do?
Is T-Bag gonna kill or be killed?
Is Heavan Communist?
what is the name of texas`s state government?
Who won the Korean War?
which one is strongest Love or religion?
A question mostly for the ladies....?
What are intermediate numbers?
use Stokes theorem to evalute?
Why must people lick their fingers when slicing cake?
Icon Makers??
who do u think look good mj or allen?
Is there a any relief or remedy for Neuropathy?
determining ones exact age.?
what should i say?
Can Ninjas Catch colds?
How many of you guys are in Hi5?
What are you lurking at?
Which two teams are going to the Superbowl?
which determines the size of the resting membrane potential?
Do gay people really have sex with people of the same sex?
how much does a hot dog weigh?
Do you have a poltergeist?  Or demon?
MLK JR. speech?
Does anyone watch 8 simple rules?
How do you say good-bye in hindi language??
New style of scienece exams?
what colour is the inter away jersey?
how to export email address from aol to web based email?
is it ok for me to have done that?
radiographer infection control protocol?
Why do People Hate?
Is it true that a lot of democrats are very conservative?
what are some good sites to find layouts?
when are ssc results going to declare?
trig/algebra problems...?
Will Adobe Premier Pro 2 be compatible with Microsoft Windows Vista?
tribute to someone reaching a milestone.?
what makes a parent proud of a baby?
IT consultancy?
what is the naughtiest thing to do during sex?
does the amount of matter affect the freezing point of water?
necessary things in a foreign country?
Does anybody know why Angelina Joli adapted her daughter from Ethiopia?
Is anyone concerned about June 6, 2006?
how can i stop other people using my wireless internet network?
i want to know austeralian lottery is correct?
What song is played during the season finale preview of Prison Break?
So hard to read?
When is Saw 2 the movie coming out.?
Which network operating systems are better and why? Windows or Linux?
Is there any virus programs that affect MAC's?
How do u ping on MSN messenger?
Magic square. Is this possible?
How are grapes processed?
How famous are manchester United in America.?
does anyone know what kinda pill this is is?
are there any Atheist Republicans?
what is the next team that will make the world cup?
What is the average Income for a Financial Planner?
Binomdcf( on TI-83?
major issues in doing business internationally involving information technology?
who is your favorite wwe superstar an why?
martinamagrace....?
How do fungi digest their food?
What is the best job search website for software developers?
Does a soul feel pain?
where do i go to get information on real estate classes?
to give power, right or authority is what?
does anyone know what the title of this song it!?
How do you make a teepee?
What are all the sucka's doing right now?
What's the difference between baking soda and baking powder?
Is always wanting to die a symptom of depression?
can anyone here speak arabic?
My mother in law is horrible?
UFT(unified field theory)?
How to get over him?
i lied about abuse?
Does it snow in Israel?
Believing what the Bible says.....?
how doi find parents without partners?
Which Credit Bureau Do Landlords/Banks Look at Most?
what is the plural of dessert?
name this song!?
What is the translation of this to English ?
whats condom?
What could this be? My arm hurts....?
Where can i download and keep naruto episodes for free?
How do you know if a persons gay or not?
when does Lost start again?
what is meant by database security?
Where is the Beebe School located?
how can tell a guy if i love him?
Has anyone used  itvdownload.com?
why does todays society suck?
What your favorite TV show or movie??
has anyone tried CREATINE and does it actually work?
what does a cell membrane do?
What are the qualification of a assemblyman?
What are the properties of Diamagnetic levitation?
what magnification do you need to see a human sperm?
Why you make jokes about Kasachstan?
How do I become a resident of Puerto Rico?
ca you please help with this riddle?
What exactly is scientology?
what is the best Soccer team of the world?
just got bt home hub .?
what did they mean by these lyrics?
My crown tooth hurts...?
Looking for Christmas Song?
how do i get sound back on my pc?
Do you know any proverbs from other countries/cultures?
cross multiplying?
Changing Hard drives?
prison break. what do you guys think about this series?
how to make a miracle happen when nothing seems to work?
i love you?
how do i develope trust in a relationship?
I need some songs for a sports slideshow?
Is it better to do your homework right after school?
what do i need to apply for British passport?
how a foreigner apply a job in uk?
Question for 24 Fans?
Where exactly is heaven/hell?
A question about GOD?
were is the best place for kids to chat?
Should the UK have more Bank Holidays?
Its my kids birthday tommorow...?
I'm one of those people who pick on incorrect spelling?
when will Cars dvd come out?
How do you tell a girl you like her?
are there any military bases in georgia?
what happened to atahq stock?
Has anyone seen the movie "Goal! The dream begins"?
why games is so lovable?
I have a big problem plz help me?
Mark in Arabic?
what about new immigration bill will it be passed or not ?
What is the best selling clothing brand in the usa?
where do babies come from?
Dark Spots on Ice Skating rinks?
Do you know any good tounge twisters?
how do i take screenshots.?
Is someone with the interest from capital of £20,000?
When will Josh Howard play?
cervical cancer?
how can you have discipline in the church choir?
computer freezeiong up. help?!?!?
how can i retrieve data after formating a computer?
Fastest way to get rid of a blister?
Information Revolution?
i want the 4d magnum results?
Is it normal to talk to your mind?
Lengua Afuera? What does that mean in English?
Did the us troops find weapons of destruction sense they been there?
Who remembers Menudo?
what is the shape of a very large rain drop?
What is a good idea to make a basic flash game about?
a levy was placed on my account?
what do u think about nigerian people?
Is Jenifer Lopez related to Jenifer Lopez?
unfair to muslims?
Does an electron have an innate frequency?
What are malicious scripts?
Looking for creative quotation ideas for radio station?
when was the first theme park built?
i hate him?
In what country was Jorge "el mago" Gonzalez Born?
Which is better quality, and a mechanic or a qualified mechanic?
yahooooooo?
Ladies - When you Blush...?
Website Design and Creation: Business Site?
What is the best way of overcoming the fear of heights?
got any good ideas for a science fair project?
Are ticks black and spider like?
Consequences of Xll results?
Best TV comedian you know?
What is the most active plant in recovering one's health?
What are the divine powers that exist within ourselves?
school should teach more about prejudice and respect the others?
where department stores sell their surplus?
I had a dream about happy children.  What does it mean?
childerns counseling in Cumberland,Maryland?
Muslims...... reasoning for the veil?
young offenders act?
Can America want to make war with Turkey?
Good Correspondence program?
What do you think of this DP World thing?
Best website to buy books online?
can kangaroo walk?
Mayorga vs Del Le Holya Who will win?
Girls!! Dressed up or dressed down?
I have no motivation to exercise?
Girls only!!!!!!!!!?
leo and pices?
What would Chuck Norris say?
Does the road runner run faster than a cheetah?
Who will be the next player to hit 700 Home Runs?
Will Portugual send England home in the Quarterfinals?
What job did u want?
can anyone translate from dutch to english?
Are you glad the Browns are getting rid of John Collins?
Which Sharpe brother is more annoying - Sterling or Shannon?
Do you believe in aliens?
what are the best classical music for royal gatherings?
who sang i wanna rock?
How did the Atlantic Ocean form?
God Vs Evolution?
An old Joke from a old time?
What in the world??
Do aliens exist?
white girls and black guys wat do you think?
Can toothaches have on and off pain?
Will i ever have FNP?
Will any of your pets visit Santa Paws?
What day of the week was 4th Feb 1982?
What is  Mittals Bid FOR Arcellor?
where can I find sassafras wood in Texas?
what is the first molecule to provide electrons for photosynthesis?
How do people make money at home?
What do you think is the best sport in the world?
Social Golfers Problem - 3 foursomes playing 8 rounds?
statistics question?
2 questions about Concussion. Please Help?
How do i Find Out?
How do I get the writing to come up blue?
How often do you pray and go to church or home fellowship?
The Facts of Life?
HELP ME PLEaSE!?
how do i switch to adult profiles?
what are the top ten expectations employers have?
did you ever meet someone and actually considered them being an angel?
is there any difficult in the preparation of disinfectants?
Is the world ever going to end?
what is the importan thing to a man?
Why do old people moan when they go to sit down?
how do  I add words to spell check?
What is the best way to get a man off the sofa?
Energy Of A Photon?
How does our our body use the food we eat?
anyone uses myspace chat?
Finish this sentence?
what is something you can eat or drink without throwing it up?
The ultimate question on marketing.?
does the area code rule work if your married?
making.......?
Is Sponge Bob a sinner?
Math question?
please help me!!!?
What website is there you can find Rare Coin Values?
pay off high credit cards?
Have you ever popped a woodie at work?
what are  the capitals of each state?
does writing on wide ruled paper bother anyone else?
who wrote the song "is that all there is"?
what to do???
For guys, what makes you jelous?
love or sex?
Have you ever pee'd on someone?
Gateway DvD drive doesn't write?
what are those balls that hang from power lines?
How can u have a perfect Body (for men} ?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
How does it work?
Question regarding Quadratic Equation?
Why do brain cells need glucose to function?
Why do I make this typo so often?
please i need your advice very badly?
How can you.......?
What are the symptoms of a computer virus?
how often should diabetic eat?
How do people analyze the risk of their investments?
beverly hillbillies?
please tell me what kind of day you are having?
what is the currency exchange between dollars and rubles?
english quiz?
when do u knw he is d right guy?
Please help me?
Do you look like anyone famous?
why the peoples birth&death?
help me plz i feel pathetic asking this tho?
1/5 diveded in to 1/10?
what are the other effects of pollution besides global warming?
is stupidity a disease?
Do you always kiss on the first date?
Do you worship jim or the bananas?
What s ur opinion about pre marriage sex ?
I want to know about the IT field.?
What is the price of tea in China?
help please!!!!!?
Will bush try to kill the special prosecutor?
whois the prime minister of barbados?
Which is better? Pewter medal or gold medal?
What are the best converstion topics for a first date ?
how are fruit flys born?
How do you translate into Chinese "Sick and tired"?
what is HIM about?
I have a period before my period.?
Financial Help With Bariatric Surgery?
what does the stfy stat mean in football?
why would anyone want the democrats to?
If you could trade bodies back and forth with your man?
Why can't the emergency phone number be 111?
which team in the World Cup was better than you thought?
what is meant by (my way or the highway)?
Weight loss problem?
can you explain about the appendages of the skin?
what is true love?
Does anyone know the best way to cure a fever?
which US state mines the most copper?
Yo what's the deal with Chinese Guys huh.?
Wat Meditation is?
Looking for help with psoriasis.?
What age do you consider "old"?
Johnny Cash???
looking for friend to solve my family matter?
What does LL Cool J stand for?
wean me off of birth control?
Why does mass cause gravity ?
zinedine zidane?
What are you listening to right now?
whats the best way?
Thank you=ACLU and Dems?
do sponges live solitary or partnering?
why do people fight like husbands and wife?
how might a strong current make swimming dangerous?
What do you think this means????
Why is this being allowed in education with creation and evolution?
What is a physical feature?
prevention of Boils?
What is this Kind OF Vault?
how will i get rid of this stiff neck?
Do you argue with God?
What are your definitions of "religious" and "spiritual"?
translation !!!!!!!!?
Hockey Fans!!!?
Coworker... Pursue it?
Do drugs make you grow smaller?
who would win the world cup this year?
How can you tell what version of windows media player youhave?
Makin hair grow?
how to build a straw bridge?
How do you pronounce the Serbian name Senka?
Whos got a ftp site loaded with tunes?
do you know any thing about quest international?
Do you believe illegals hate america?
what is the function of expulsion chamber in hydropower plant?
Which one is impossible for an ideal gas??
Find the value of x.?
how dose cement stick things together ?
How come guys ask for my phone number but never call?
who is better john cena or triple h?
does age affect the nervous system?
How do you fix a flat tire on a bike??
most skillfull?
Does anyone know how can u loss weight very fast?
what should i choose ambition or merriage?
Why don't more people have sex with each other?
Can I terminate my lease with mold growing in my bathroom?
Is the US government reading our e-mail?
Are Americans aware?
Does anyone know if Cher was Maried after Sonny?
Anyone going to the Pirate game on May 13?
Do you know,if Jesus was a Jewish???
which are the world's 10 best collges?
What interview questions should I prepare for?
multinational agreement-strategies & constraints to enforce contractual obligation?
hail damage to windsheilds what to look for.?
what famous celeb is a sex addict?
I am sad,I needed help,only 3 People answered?
Have you made someone's day today?
health help please?
are the ravens gonna make the playoffs?
How do you know when your boyfriend is cheating on u?
pencak silat?
what was the spark event during world war one?
How can I make my computer remember my search words?
are you pro choice or pro life? why?
"Need Help Please"?
wifi connections???
Please give me some advise?
Is Santa real?
Rose water Dish / Alms Dish?
does any1 ever webcam on yahoo?
Which is the best book for motor bike maintenance?
What's the most haunted place in Connecticut?
Is there anyone from evansville,IN here today?
What is You opinion about Gay and Lesbian Rights?
what are the requirements needed to get a security bank?
What are you most thankful for this year?
what do girls look for in a guy??
How do i get a cruise ship job?
Compaq Evo Manual?
I'm ugly,plz help?
what is your favorite movie?
What would it take for you to vote against your partisan instincts?
I got this email, says I won a million bucks!?
back exercises. ?eiliates?
What questions are on the millwright test?
Want some skittles?
where cani find a free e-mail for songs?
Should my fiance quit smoking?
When I go snowboarding, should I wear blue?
Who here can't STAND country twang?
How to get rid of AIDS?
what is a nemakharam?
I forget the name of this rule...?
Are They making a second Fox and the Hound?
I've thought about suicide since I was six?
my boyfriend keeps hurting me?
What can I do about my bad nees?
i study hard but fail what to do?
What is the greatest car ever made? and Why?
will the Vikings beat the Steelers?
who wants to be my gf?
content in kamasutra ?
What does 0.4 mean? 4?
Charles in Charge or Mr. Belvedere?
Who likes my avatar?
AGP ports going obsolete?
wholesale natural Gas prices, January 2006?
I canot access my email' internet access is ok?
what is a writ of cerciary?
Why are bubbles spheres and not cubes?
teacher who home school in reidsville, nc?
need email address for Mark Levin, talk show host?
survey.. should teens be allowed to vote?
Best way to handle bladder infection?
Question for the Christians?
how long is the national boycot supposed to last?
unit/lesson ideas for art?
Do you think this is heresy?
Does anyone have information about wolves?
is there anything like photobucket?
what is natural?
Help me do my homework?
Chances Of Steeler Repeat?
is earth still revolves with the same acceleration?
DOWNLOAD Partition Magic?
Algebra Question?
What is a good method to daytrading in forex?
what year was the rubber ducky invented?
Would you love me if I was down and out?
jobs available anywhere?
Has anybody used Google Answers before?
Where in the bible is this found?
what types of energy needs can solar be used for?
I think we need to get rid of both parties?
how fast does deca work?
which is the best fiber food?
Any tips on preparing for the LSAT?
What does "Fair Use" mean?
Infinite Geometric series?
what is diversity of enviroment?
electron configuration of Si2+?
How does the environment degrade soft gelatin capsules?
how to manufacture pvc pipe?
what is the sexiest part of female?
what does buddy L stand for?
where can i buy the movie the princess and the marine?
sqmnoopt04.sqm?
how to detect formaldehyde?
does the teachers appearance in class effect on students?
The National Defense Educational Act was passed in response to?
Discuss the meaning of community development...!?
bad political leadership eventually leads to positive changes for the people ?
i have constant headaches?
rambha film actrase?
what is best way to enjoy life?
If you could play a sport which sport would you play?
Why are BROWN Southern Italians and Greeks considered White?
ladies, over 21.....?
what do yall think about the new music video promise?
I need worldcup2006 feed please?
which is harder ranger school or navy seal training?
Will your answer to this question be selected as best?
what are the privileges of being vegan?
Who owns the Great Jones Spa?
Allen wrench material?
need symptoms of parkinsens disease?
when and how should i let go?
What is right outside your pupuls called?
Any Virgos out there?
what is the cheapest dial up internet service?
Is it just me or was that superbowl totally unfair?
Ok, here is a deep one....?
when was the first penny made?
what does the name reginald mean?
who needs it?
addess of Danny Alan David James?
what is the role of tribal officer for tribal development?
Why does everyone think religion is so important?
has anyone played tomb raider legend yet?
how can i become a better person in this world?
what is 2+3?
tell me what is CAT ?
is there Mike Hart.com at all?
Scientology?
is it common for women to shave pubic area?
Who is the most beautiful movies actress ever ?
Do you honestly think blonds are stupid?
what is the full form of "FIFA?
Anyone know where i can download Nirvana videos please?
Why is the southern accent and way of life diminishing?
Swim workouts?
Is this by Babybash?
what is the address for stockster.com?
How is the Air National Guard?
Smart...? or not!?
Describe how elements are named.Give an examples.?
who said "world is a stage.."?
Funny feeling at the back of my throat?
HELP Badly Needed PLEASE?
how many questions can you answer for the day?
how do you solve for the mole of an element?
What are the largest cities and population in Germany?
what is the importance of independent assortment and crossing over?
Blogging query?
what makes you happy?
Who do think is the most under-rated baseball player today?
where can i find a rebel flag my space layout?
Stock Market Game for Kids?
how do you get rid of dierra?
mems in powder metallurgy?
name your favorite slow song(s) ?
Do u know any interesting death or funeral customs?
Website about student written college reviews?
How do you pronoun this?
In the Middle of a Mild Crisis?
Whats the latest movie you saw at the theaters?
explain the purpose and functions of network hardware components?
Statistics for falling off a charlift?
About the War on Terror?
Nicole Richie or Paris Hilton?
How much time do you waste in yahoo answers?
What are Doug Williams mom and dad name(s)?
Who picks up the garbage man's trash?
can you kiss a person with a bad breath?
do you think you can find love online?
Where can i find access to live satellite images of the earth?
Do you think this is funny?
What site can you recommend for free website building training?
Who is the greatest music legend of all time?
cost on moving a hot tub from ny to fla?
Is electrical engineering a good profesion????
Want to lose last of pregnancy weight.?
African-american or black?
what is the cheapest way to buy my own website?
Which gas do planets give us?
wat is the longest someone has had sex?
south of nowwhere theme song lyrics ...?
Who created evil?
what is the name of this song??
What is a POP mail server?
any one can give funny sexy jokes?
who is david ulrich?
What is the name of first test tube Baby?
Where can I access my Metropolitan Life Insurance Policy account online?
How do you get rid of the stomach pouch?
I have this kind of friend......?
where did moses write the ten commandments?
Wavs for a Website.?
God or no God?
what  are the differences between clitoral orgasm and vaginal?
Can you help me out with...?
Redirect from .php to .cfm?
Are we wasting time and money in space research?
sleeping habits?
Idiral for memory?
My dad does crack, how do i help him?
algebra question?
Interview?
london fetival of gymnastics 2006 video?
What are the largest bodies of water, in Massachusetts?
Our wonderful universe?
how do you...??
do u have a simple inventionno one had ever made?
Young Engagement/Stuff Like That?
Why is the life or Krishna so similar to the Christ?
barcalys bank of china, does it exist.?
How can you upgrade your PC's DDRAM memory?
Why do people hate wire tapping?
Help on writing a paper ?
Frontpage question?
What is the CME?
what do u thing is the perfect age to start sex life?
Commissioned Service Commitment in the Air Force?
dravid throw hand when sourav got out?
Is George Bush sleeping with Condi and Jeff Gannon?
how can suspended ceilings provide sound insulation?
I'm looking for Georgetown High School Alumni?
Which is better? Rose Bowl or Super Bowl?
which investment bank is bset?
Allergies anyone?
How do I find a good job?
what telephone number can I reach Blue Hippo?
Math Slope Question?
Isaac Asimov's Doctoral Thesis?
For our Soliders....?
i have a morbid fear of all or any doctors?
What gives more pleasure than sex?
Pie in the face, is that funny to you?
what can  u do 2 get rid of scars?
y wont this guy talk to me?
what is a lumina box science expirment?
The greatest starting 11 of all time?
Billy Jack.....?
>meaning of responsibility > about responsibility?
Can UV light that comes from Black Light tubes damage the eyes?
Executives selected?
shall i rub my chin with nettles?
credit cardsss--plz answersss?
match em ups?
Why human begin cry?
Chemistry question,Bonding?
What is the meaning of life?
list of passers of 2005 board exam licensure?
Question about East Indians?
abt this gal who i think is hitting on me?
What's the best way to overcome insecurities?
How is a person that born on February 25th, 1975?
what are the american troops doing in Iraq?
How much do female strippers make in las vegas?
where do you go to burn songs online?
does the sun always rise from the east?
Can I hear a shout for freedom?
do you think we would still feel after death?
proper diet?
how to search books on internet?
Can you solve?
Hey girls help me out !?
What is the nomenclature of a Paladin?
is 2 pac alive?
What is the difference between an angel and a lesser deity?
What is File Organization ?
what are the prehistoric animals in oregon?
Who lives in SD or Southern Cali??!!?
Does anyone know what American  companies supplied components for Saddam's?
females  only: breast problem?
10th grade chemistry? help?
whats better?
who is the father of anatomy?
If the universe is expanding, then what is it expanding into?
How does windows updates automatically, without validations ?
what is the name of the church in olvera street?
What do you think about theme parks like sea world?
Would KG have had a better career if he gained weight?
Immagration?
how diets affect athletic performances?
Who's name 80% letters are A&B?
What do you think of this quote?
where are my addresses to whom I sent change of address?
I have a question about voting for President George W. Bush?
Wut Do U like doin On Fridays?
if you have a latex allergy????
Does Wal-Mart haveDial up internet service?
is there harrasment in pseb.?
Which is the most difficult exam in the world?
how come so many people dislike?
Do u have a favorite number or numbers?
On a political rally Jack was arrested. Why???
can i pay my trafic tikets on line?
Aerodynamic Physics?
I wanna be a singer help?
What is an annotation?
I need help interpreting HIV results?
What does "Army Strong" mean to you?
why was Saddam not tried in a international court ?
Aunt problems...?
I would like to get assistant out side the country?
Whats your favorite RAP song from the Bay Area?
poor grammar?
what are your thoughts about abortion?
why did the titanic sink?
OMG Please help!!!?
do you like writing?
What should I get my parents for Christmas!!?
Contacts...?
Request for (quadratic?) equation?
Which is stronger?
Has anyone heard the new Prince CD, 3121?
Black Label Society?
How do you breakdance?
famous female jazz singers?
Who's met someone famous?
Economics as Art and Science. Explain.?
List of teams participating in the 2006 FIFA World Cup?
Fifa is favoring Brazil and Switzerland.  What to do?
wisin y yandel computer screensavers?
Has anyone ever seen a gay midget?
how to make a wigi board?
Why guys want me just for sex?
where can i find pictures of different std's?
synchronous distributed database?
Do you look at your junk mail or just throw it away?
What does emo mean?
iz there any aliens on mars?
what makes people?
what is the relation between trade and world output?
Why is heaven always up, and hell is always down?
Have you ever played "Butt Darts"?
Anyone know where the used baseballs go?
What can I eat with braces?
Am I in love?  Am I in lust?
What doctrines separate 7th Day Adventists from other denominations?
Do you tend to.....?
When will hair cloning become available?
Sick people?
Who's going to win control of the senate?
what is love?
Are you offended by movies that portray your home state wrongly?
when will alias return to t.v.?
What does popozao mean?
Why are we killing off our own kind???
What are the pros and cons of the death penalty?
where can i find hot my space backrounds?
Who needs a gal for valentines day?
What type of aircraft is Marine One?
What are a 100 ways we use water in our daily lives?
whats wrong with me?
Alternative spelling suggestions for the name 'Raven', please.?
what does slang term stugotts mean?
Should I avoid NutraSweet, aspertame?
whats the best country song ever?
who are you just tell me ?
whats considered a big salary for a job in NYC?
What is the capital of Northern Territory Australia?
Please, Help Help!?
the Nigerian Democracy under siege:which way for Nigeria?
what song do u like better my humps or run it?
Your opinion on "Beautiful World" by Devo?
what is the craizest thing a person can do?
How do you clean the LCD screen of Lap top?
what is polarization?
What is a layman's cross?
I'm a teacher looking to change careers. Any ideas?
What does Transnational corporations mean?
people on long island?
a strange dream...?
best bittorrent program?
What is the federal law on teacher student ratio in special education?
college dorm bathroom problem?
Physics question below?
Girls in university classes?
What the first thing a woman look for in a man?
Is Eczema a disease or just a condition?
Does anyone remember the Bugaloos?
how to use codon chart?
whats double jeopardy?
where is the love ?
Challenging decreasing Geometric Sequence?
Guys only....!?
Whar was the first US based team in the NHL?
what happens if the whole skeletal system is non-functional?
what does parkour mean ?
Current having problems with this Company?
how can i find brand of bicycle parts made in china?
What is the square root for 40.5?
what rymes with coffee?
Did God commit a sin or two?
Why is it illegal to film inside a store?
When do your rights begin and another's end?
Causes and effects of the rise of Christanity?
I have such a hard descision to make!?
Should footballers be able to gamble?
how long does i take for your exgirl to call you?
what is the current relationship between Poland and the US?
Who invented the internet?
Sniper or Double Agent?
What was your perfect date? More details....?
how do I sort favorites in internet explorer?
what are the defects of milling machine  (metal milling machine)?
how do clouds hold water?
Is it possible to view the sex offenders register in the uk?
Why are women who watch football so sexist?
Mythology??????
who is the best player in 2005?
Where can I find video sites?
how do you get rid of hiccups?
where can i?
atomic spectra?
Are my sailing videos funny or just stupid?
the Lord and you?
What is a balk in baseball??
Why are you supposed to dehorn cattle during a full moon?
whats the best way to attract a girl?
What weapon was used more than any other during WWII?
How do i know if my ex-boy still likes me?
which captain has won all the five toss in cricket series.?
Why doesn't my boyfriend ever initiate sex or kissing?
Anybody religous folks out there with proof?
What ortodox churches believe about children place in their churches?
is it possible to create a gun that shoots gamma-rays?
is there still undiscovered land on earth?
Dose Any one know what Fuciodan is?
Dancing with the stars?
Who is in the V club????
Contraceptive recommendation?
200cm ? 200dm <,>,=?
What's your stand on Capital Punishment?
how are oxygen and carbon dioxide transpoted in the blood?
Do people really?
What are your favorite songs?
How are annuities income taxed?
Is any body else interested in humantitarian efforts?
the name of the last planet discovered in our galaxy?
does anyone think there will be a world war 3?
Urinary Problems ??
how can i protect from bird flu?
Any guys there who are abused by their partner?
Who likes that new car smell?
How is metric weight used in the U.S.?
Is there any website On Recruiters Behaviour?
is buying solar panel worth the cost ?
who won the benson and hedges world championship in 1985?
where do I vote in greenville, connecticut?
Im I killing myself?
Hairline Fractures?
How does a permanent resident change her name through marriage?
What are the constituents of life?
How can I buy a house in LA at low cost?
How is it to have sex for yall?
word problem, explain how you got the answer please?
Your best knock back line?
I'm curious to know......?
how old do snails get before they keel over and die?
How many woman there are in the world?
most consumed content on the web?
Where can I get Schindler's List?
i am looking 4 lodestone.?
who was the first person to work on human anatomy?
please help me out?
Where do I send my 2005 income tax return form to?
microsoft excel (confused_?
how have computers affected the ratio of work and leisure time?
are wrist blood pressure monitor good?
Cognitive illusions?
Can people mentally slow down visual images?
How long does a player get payed in the EPL?
who are finance and foreign ministers of England ?
Who is cutter Bow Wow or Chris Brown?
Please see details below. Can you help me?
When was Harry R. Drackett born?
about diploma or degree?
why do guys cheat?
Is the '80s or '90s the Gen X decade?
HElp with my report?
Where's Osama?
What are 4 significant events in networking?
Who has the most 4-point shots in NBA history?
What exactly is a dust devil?
What is the answer to the least perimeter of 56 cm2?
is anyone else tired of these clowns?
bank can not verify endorser?
what is the normal phase of oxygen?
Is God getting annoyed with all these questions yet?
My wife made out with 2  girls. HELP?
why is it so hard for black people to get a job?
Picking Wild Flowers?
What is Chi?
What is the highest temperature ever measured?
Who thinks that Bush was involved in 911.?
Does anyone know if there are Cambodian Scientists?
Do you believe in sincere friendship?
Have anyone every felt like this?
what drags on a ship in space?
Should Saddam Husein get the death penalty???
What is the most popular kid's book?
Why is Curling a sport much less and Olympic event?
when will i get married?
is india having surplus military?
What word looks the same upside down and backwards?
Quick pectoral building excercises?
Did God exist?
which state in the us has the most dog owners?
Any readers out there?
why can we only have 32 things on our favorites list?
shemales ?
who can put the best team together with these players?
Hymms for Good Friday?
How many zero's are in a billion?
CSI shows, and so forth?
how many peoply can play this????
Does anyone know this song?
Do you belive in ghosts, do they scare you?
What should be the price of a typical EAS System?
What is the best way to win a mans heart?
2 blonde fishermen?
How do I record the following entry in Quickbooks?
Do you know this whole nursery rhyme?
Is my best freind physic?
social security income policies of world war veterans in america?
Who was he??
i am only 17 can i get a loan from anyone?
Who is the most famous football player in the world?
jns books inc. Is there a website for it?
Internet Explorer not working?
Where did AIDS came from?From a laboratory?
Does it counts as a goal....?
Is anyone aware of the battle around us?
Do you think most companies do educational background checks?
How long/often should I jog per day?
if you smoke 5 joints in 10 miniuts what will happen?
How often has Germany beat England in soccer?
Marathon Advice?
Where Does the fly born and develope?
who will be the third best college football team next year 2006?
DO you girls like guys who play the guitar?
What does democratic and socialist mean?
how to get mature women fall on u?
did the Prophets before Jesus receive salvation for their righteous?
google buy? sell? hold?
USA what season of ER are you on?
How do the energy levels of different electron orbits compare?
Best study guide or program for Pharmacy Technician?
why teach study skills in school?
WWE's E-Mail?
What should i get my Dad for Christmas?
Where can I get grant money for college online?
sponsorer who i will sponsored me to america?
How many mcgs make 1 mg?
Will the Islam and Christian nations ever have peace and live together?
Why are most lawyers  liars?
How about this one?
Why has TAVFX fallen so much yesterday?
how to lower uric acid in your boby?
What canal connects Lake Superior to the St. Lawrence river?
What is Yahoo and Google?
advice........?
how do you know you find the right guy?
what is the purpose of the time change we just did?
If Elton John was your mother would you hate her?
What would be a good name for an English school?
where can i find free cool stuff?
What is spirituallity for you?
Where online is a good place to buy goods made in India?
How do i become the voice for commericals?
Who will be alone this Thanksgiving for what ever reasons?
waht is EMI in loan what is formila?
Toothaching?
what are the natural disasters of building a dam on river?
What is Asley Massaro's phone number?
how do i copy a file onto a dvd disc?
How bilingualism help second language acquisition?
Im so shocked by this news story!?
Highest scorers in the world cup 1930 to till 2002?
What's your favorite Christmas dinner?
What is pink flamingo in latin?
Is it worth it?
What functions does the Medulla Oblongata regulate?
Was the Civil War unavoidable?
Is the interest rate on student loans usually low?
What's the difference between addiction and dependency?
sample of a commercial paper?
How can I find the site which has TV programs schedule?
Where can i find a website?
how can i find other user passwords on my computer?
What century is this?
who will win the nfc south?
Do girls words mean different to how a man interprets them?
physical fitness survey?
What exactly causes Old Fashioned Butt Pain Syndrome?
What substances melt snow the fastest?
is it healty to get in love with older women?
if you have integrity, you are.... what?
has anyone heard system of a down song pogo?
anyone noe abt matlab???
Define carol doctrine?
Boarding School...?
I dropped my laptop, is it worth it getting it fixed?
birth certificate?
How do i find my admistrators password ?
what is the autobiography of elpidio quirino?
ABOUT Philippine Constitution?
Which foods are best for lowering bad cholesterol?
what type of clothes are best for a fat person?
how can i make my own turkey fan?
Is it possible to get medical research on you without consent?
what if your in a relationship and you love some1 else?
How can I find a real good penpal?
Will u be going to church tomorrow?
what is kudzo?
is there such a thing as true love or happiness?
To go or not to go?
one tsp means one teaspoon?
How Do you tape up a knee injury?
88yr old lady several tia chances of recovery?
why are yawns contagious?
Science!!! Please help!!!?
How many fingers has the person with the most fingers had?
Can you plz help me??
WTF! why is he doing this to me?
do only teens have avatars?
Is Ales Kotalik from the Buffalo Sabres married?
ladies who  r out there?
Do u think that Egypt deserves the African cup?
I'm so scared...?
how many years has jeb bush been in office??
what does the latin word "iacta" mean?
When was tchaikovskeys mother born?
How to modify the surface of polymer composites ?
just wondering what you all think about this....?
Do electoral votes count for more votes than citizen votes?
What is a cardiovascular surgeon called?
weird things happening to my body?
what is meant by Test harness?
How do you file PayPal transactions in your taxes?
Do you think current state and federal pension system needs be changed?
Who is Juergen Klinsmann's wife?
Federal Tax Revenues-Republicans, your help please?
What happens to the water that goes into your ears while swimming?
guy trouble! was he desperate? did he even like me?
plz..i need a suggestion?
What's another word for synonym?
what to whisper in a girls ear?
When did darden restaurants go public?
What are the best vitamins/minerals for a healthy heart?
How do you get Windows Vista for free?
How will I ever buy a house?
whats the difference between Laptops nad notebooks?
how or where can i download music videos for free???
InDesign CS2 and Book Publishing?
What should i do before running for city council member?
Can my felonies ever be erased?
Why science fails to explain GOD?
Why do men prefer long hair on a woman?
Java Download "Error"?
American Dream?
what is force?
What is the top speed record over water?
Which type of weather do ya prefer?
can your back cause your foot to hurt?
What is a synonym for the phrase "secret admirer"?
What is global warming?
should everyone be able to vote?
Who do I contact to put evil spell on someone?
strech marks and i dont have kids???
Dream Interpretation Needed 4...?
what dose BOZO means?
How many Americans are tired of Advocates for Criminals?
Why are some of these topics closed to new questions?
when does Dave Chappelles new season start?
Themes in a movie?
Are there any new DVD releases in the horror genre worth watching?
When was tobacco first smoked? (date)?
why were monasteries built?
Why  Is  Florine  More  Reactive  Than  Other   Elements?
How many of u like Dr. Phil?
psycologist dress code?
Is it the right time to invest in SBI Mutual Fund?
What is the Clean Air Act?
how do you know if hes real or a player.?
how the transistors revolutionized the modern teccnology?
How much for health insurance?
can bike run in pure water?
Why is the pupil of the eye black?
how cell division occurs in animals?
i want to lose my pounds?
Do U know what Saraswati means?
do you think i should be nice to my boss?
is there a bigger cd-r than 700mb?
here's my riddle 4 the first time;)?
What questions will the bishop ask me at my confirmation?
911 was orchestrated by the US government?
When was Franz Beckenbauer born?
Whats the best product to cover tattoos?
why do men have nipples?
Why is Cheney able to get away with poaching?
concerns for our country.?
puzzles with answers?
How do you turn an old pc into a firebox?
What would u do if this was u??
How old is the movie The Narrow Margin?
What's the hardest piano piece?
He doesn't trust me!!?
Ropes?Handcuffs?
Hebrew Gematria Number meanings And how to calculate?
For men over 35?
Any femenists out there....?
Does any one else work in a corn field besides me?
What's the difference?
ibm thinkpad trackpoint problem?
tough math problems for a 6th grader, can anyone help?
What is lyophilic colloid?any examples?
what do all religions have in common?
My life really sucks, what can I do?
What movies are showing on May 12th at 7:30pm?
Does anyone know of any online dell coupons?
What happened to the movie called Black Wine?
Sports Trivia     Who won the Daytona 500 in 2003?
whats the ultimate wrestling channel ?
How old days lever balance use to work?
How can I get my butt and groin be visibly whiter?
does anyone know how to check email?
what is alpha and beta in finanical investment?
these are some logic problems that i just cant figure out?
can anyone give me some information on hitler?
why life is so painfull?
site of action of cholesterol absorption inhibitors?
Integrals, limits, and derivatives???
looking for an honest woman for a  serious relationship?
John Von Neumann Puzzle?
Can someone really be "big boned"?
Anyone up for bashing a few zombies tonight?
what are family practices should be emphasize and improve eliminated and reform?
Can non-doctors prescribe medicine?
Does Que sera sera mean what happens happens?
This is a math question in my statistics class?
Did India come out with some flying colours?
What is the support email address for dell?
How do i get rid of MSN Messanger?
New Sailor Moon episodes?
20th century innovations in dentistry, what are some?
How to make my boyfriend happy?
OK how about another CROSSWORD question?
Do Chinese people come from africa?
What do you think of the following news story?
What are the 5 present evidences of the Evolution Theory?
are there hindus residing in pakistan?
how do i get bigger boobs natrually?
Is it illegal to brake the law?
Me and the wife and?
why goverment elaborate the qota matter ?
Need Lyrics Now?
Should America adopt Biligual Education?
What is your opinion of below link?
Independent Countries?
what is the curse behind the kohinoor diamond?
how do you know if boy like you?
Attention: I Love Jesus?
American football,why is it so popular in the states.?
im horny what should i do?
What does your bible say at Matthew 24:21?
Are hair straighteners a physical or a chemical change?
Do religious monkeys pray to Charles Darwin?
Why is this discrimination?
is there anyone out there who can teach me french?
what is the force convection?
Nazirite Vow?
What is the official height of a little league pitchers rubber?
Who would be the best team for the 2006 worldcup?
How much money do NHL officials make?
what is rebar corrosion in cement?
What was Andrew Jackson goalscoming into office?
are you british people all freemasons?
Do you believe in revenge in the cause of justice?
Should canada be involved in Afghanistan?
How does one get a legit subscription to World Wind?
tell an experiment that will list metals in decreasing reactivity?
which country is the happiest nation in the world?
can we ask arabic questions?
what do you  think about ghita muresan?
How do you define terrorism?
for immigration.?
Is Jesus Real?
What is the metric depth of a piece of paper?
i need to know all about A levels..where?
Was this a mistake should have I told him??
how can i ollie higher?
wat kinda personality do girls like to find in guys?
who thinks "Lost" is the best TV show ever?
who is hotter? Jesse McCartney or Aaron Carter??
which was the first book written for children?
how many changes or amendments are there to the constitution?
eczema blister?
which famous people where born on january 20th?
What will become of us...are we missing something?
Question for Police Officers??
Need Music Help!!!?
Is love there?
How come teachers and guidance counselors LOVE high school?
PETA  or a Fisherman: who is right?
What kind of a military does the United Kingdom have?
Why does red always signify danger ?
do Robert De Niro and Al Pacino hate each other?
What does "floating" a check mean?
Star Jones?
who is the worlds best female pitcher for baseball?
Information: The Cambridge Crofters?
What city was Edinburgh University located in 1825?
I need to write a speech on globalization?
Do you think we have ever actually landed on the moon?
if you choke a smurf what color does it turn?
Answer the polynomial equation by factoring?
how to write a cover letter on becoming a flight attendant?
help help help?
This is a joke not a riddle...?
Is war only OK when the Democrats want it?
how do i because a tv extra?
How did dumb blonde jokes start?
Does consumed alcohol turn to sugar in the body?
a question for the dudes...?
What is melanoma?
what do these mean?
Who is Maria Theresa? And what are some facts about her?
What ever happened to Stacy Kiebler the wrestler?
where can I purchase miniture lasers (OEM)?
what is the best way tostudy for a test?
Do you support our Second Amendment rights? (USA)?
how can i use mixed methods in research?
Whatever happened to Tonya Harding?
Do Wiccans have a goal/purpose?
how much are monthly medicare premium payments?
when does refraction occur?
can someone tell me what a planet is?
Does homework overload causes dangerously high stress levels in students?
How can I get a recreational whaler's licence?
Walmart or Target and why?
Why does israel need 700 nuclear bombs?
Do you go to Edwards-Knox Central School?
Does the Roman Catholic Church really recruit Exorcists?
i hate my sister?
Who is or was the best entertainer on TV?
Which state has the abbreviation MS?
How can the New York State Constitution Be Amended?
Baby-sitting help??
how to pass a hair follicul drug test?
from which original sports did baseball evolve?
Help me to sleep!?
why is my counterstrike lagging so much??
why am i so shy?
how mach is the least price of a laptop computer?
Stupid Childlocks?
what equipment is used to measure force ?
what  is a mental health councelors?
How long it takes for legal name change?
What is normal internal eye pressure?
I want my children to feel loved and special?
is there world cup soccer streaming video on cell phone?
Grade Ranges in a college?
strategy of being a merchandiser?
why are you so BOBO???
butterfly effect?
How do you like Brady now?
I  have a range of pregnancy symptoms but i am not pregnant?
cell membrane?
What are some examples where potatoes have saved peoples lives?
Muscle Enhancers-Creatine?
Am I a lesbian?
how many moons does jupiter have?
Should I let you in on a little secret Democrats?
a question on resistance in physics?
Plz help me.?
where was barbar walters born?
What is heaven supposed to be like?
Why is there always money for war, but not education?
anyone homeschooled and hate it?
why earth is around/circle?
What NFL team has been to the most Superbowls?
whats a good excuse to leave work early???
Who is the coach for the rams?
how to create an exam simulation using asp.net?
Do you think Rossi will move to F1?
i need help on a mother in law situation?
Gay Teen Crush... Help! :(?
Why are we so concerned with not offending people.?
I am wanting to become a coach?
home remedie for welders flash?
Why can't i sing into yahoo?
Who Loves Marc cohn?
ssi disability?
who is ayhan cetin?
What is the funniest song you've ever heard?
can you presentation one site for put the oicture ?
I need help?
is it a wart, zit or pimple?
why should the solar system be taught in secondary schools?
classic dance/trance songs????
Is the Sims 2 Open for Business fun and worth buying?
Which country has most tall peope on average?
DES complementation property proof?
I need help with grants for my College funds?
What do you think would happen if...?
who was paul "bear " bryant ?
What are the rules for Friends with benefits?
Love doesn't exist..?
Who is the sexiest man in Italy team ?
401k, how does it benefit your employer?
how do i become a better cheerleader??
who is in brisbane?
mobile calling?
What is the formula for Photosynthesis?
what is  a bladderwac?
What was King Tut's favorite card game?
Should a coach be the same nationality of his team?
Name the property that allows each of the following to be separated?
the wto's intervention against clean air standards?
whats ur fav movie?
what is the unique characterstic in planet vinus?
What should a man do if a woman yells at him?
How much does a golf cart weigh?
How many Teenagers are conducting in sexual activity?
Im Single Help Me PLZ?
What does the k/bb mean?
can india win the worldcup this time??
What's your fav MLB baseball team?
Not getting treated?
help me please!!!!!!!?
Is this a sign? More details?1?
I like this guy?
What is the physical purpose of a yawn?
Where do you go for Thanksgiving Dinner?
How do you fall asleep when you are emotional?
Floridians, How do you feel about Jeb?
what do you think?
Does anyone know of a natural fertility method?
Need help please...?
What nickname would you give to somebody named Eric Sylvester?
does anyone care that im bored?
TRUTH or DARE?
Are real estate agent fees taxable expenses?
are fish warm blooded?
what is an ICtester in electronic instrumentation?
name of the cancer that Audrey Hepburn died from?
What is astronomy?
What makes George W. Bush the worst President in US history?
is this ok.........?
Where can I get Content Management for my webpage?
is bush a jew?
How does a Stingray kill??
verbose in a sentence?
How do you make student work in class?
what is the difference between subjective and objective?
It's a start but what do u think?
write a note on characteristics of computer?
how many sports do you play?
how can we delete the saved items from videos list?
Do you tend to argue with people, or avoid conflict?
answer the below question?
what is java script and how do u turn it on?
how to save the forest?
Will man ever be able to fly on his own?
What are some city nicknames that you know of?
How do you battle drowsiness?
how does paypal work?
What is the name of Allan Donald's autobiography?
Do you attend church regularly?
Hellsing OVA?
Which name is the best domain name?
What artists have new Christmas CD's this year?
Something sexy for my husband?
Foreign Exchange?
Name one Democrat who is honest ?
Is dry ice considered dry water?
what are the side effects of prozac?
anyone ever see the movie Amadeus?
How do I format my Dell windows Laptop?
whats spell check and whats wrong with my typing?
Why is Christmas called X-mas?
what courses are needed for an entertainment lawyer?
What are the months of fall?  Is September in fall?
how come my yahoo messenger cant work?
is everyone on drugs?
Hypothetically...?
Theoretical Yield?
Favourite world leader?
How far does this fly fly?
boyfriend problem?
can stress kill you?
Why do I have the following symptoms nearly everyday?
Moped Theft. wat does the charge pay for?
How do i get rid of winfixer?
circle problem?
Female Lubrication?
why does every body hate me?
What is a BYRONIC HERO?
A military draft?
want a male massage centre in Bangalore?
Computer help!?!?!?!?
Why not tax religion?
Who knows what  is the fastest animal in North American ?
How far is Puerto Rico from the US mainland?
What are my dogs name and what kind of dog.?
Is masterbating is bad for future sex life.?
where do i get the grey music player for myspace?
who is merlin?
i need info on baseball drills for deffense?
mexican doing any for money?
people from texas...this is 4 u?
Cassie Just one night, Lyrics and video for that song?
wat is the vote?
Help me with my fonts ???????
Are there any sites that allow you to practice medical terminology?
Which religion is the most homphobic?
why do we all have a conscience?
hey I need help finding a program?
who is the scorer of first goal in wembley stadium?
What is your vision of the future?
What do you think about President Bush?
this guy named Bazonki man?
whats a good business to purchase with $100K?
did adam and eve have belly buttons?
what is the average weather in italy in may?
How does a 1031 exchange work?
why do some liquids boil faster than others?
What college basketball team was agent Rob Pelinka on?
Straight people only:  Have you ever questioned your sexuality?
OK Ladies who would you choose?
Cavaliers vs. Pistons?
Are there harmful effects short or long term from taking sleeping pills?
What exercise has been declared the best?
exemption from cgfns exams?
does anyone here know russian?
What do you know about Park Falls, Wisconsin?
Anyone ever seen a man with 2 phallus?
what is fullform of lol?
Worth keeping annoying friend?
When will the internet be safe for my kids?
How come my tonsels have holes in them?
what is lateral epicondilitis?
Why do Colleges still use Aluminum bats ?
Do anyone think gas prices are going to go over four dollars?
