Do gun dealers buy unregistered hand guns?
Math question?
who has the quickest crossover in the NBA?
why dont i just make a move?
Do u like Old School Music?
Future for American Presidency?
how do you clean a harmonica?
Do you think Spain stands a good chance?
What is up with all these Chuck Norris jokes?
Riddle: What is....?
when does season 3 of nip tuck come out?
media converter?
I want Crack for Brian Lara International Cricket 2005.?
Anyone ever get on here during the weekend?
What Cartoon/Comic book Character are you most like?
which college is better Clemson or USC?
what's the smiley meaning :-)?
where can i get info on fitting a bicycle?
guys what a bad look for a girls?
Have you ever attracted 'psychic' spiders?
Where can I find a download for Microsoft Java Virtual machine?
what is an orgasm?
need help on sister?
are daddy long legs poisinous?
Momentum, distance, and speed: supplies and rocket?
Why do people think all male flight attendants are gay?
I need all the words we can think of for money?
how do i find out if he likes me or not?
is yahoo fantasy....?
am i fat ?
I need a good knock knock joke to settle a bet?
Ghosts,   How does one deal with these supposed entities?
Can Texas beat USC in the Rose Bowl?
Why Gringos are scare of Colombia ?
Are soldiers smart and succeed in life?
Any Surgeon? ENT?
you can speak hindi,cant you?
who is brother edward grim?
Explain fidelity?
x^2 + 8x + 16 = 0?
i want to know about periods?
ball itchiness?
How did Pericles strengthen the athenian empire?
Is 7 the 1st number in the Bible?
importantce of creating and maintaining positive customer relation?
i have problem.volume control isnot in the task bar?
¿Who Knows good culinary schools in Chile?
What is the name of this Beatles song?
can you trace old websites?
da ya think that will france qualify for the quarter finals ?
wht is the real fact behind this?
what happens if.....?
how to reduce stress from school testing?
What's a good song for....?
i need good notes about management for engineers. any suggestions?
University of Wisconsin?
best way to watch Melbourne Cup on my PC?
NeEd SoMe AdViSe?
help i want a girl feind?
Which one is the bigger danger - terrorism or post-communism?
what is the horsepower of a 230cc engine?
anybody ever had a bad experience at a nail salon?
which is more uncool Christianity or piles?
How Do I Learn The C Language?
921 (Chi-Chi) earthquake, 1999?
what is your lucky number?
have you thought about it?
your fav tv channel and programme?
do girls enjoy giving h**d?
I want sole custody?
What is Queenâs Counsel?
Which is the word that you use most?
How can Sickle Cell be managed?
Guys-What makes a guy interested in a girl?
newspaper article?
wana put on a little weight  need guidance?
How old do you think you should be to start making out?
For the Senator FAns??
male or female lion have fur?
What changes?
please help me find my frind?
About Vision?
Is Bank of America a good bank to bank with?
Is there any way to prevent oil spills?
I want to understand what my boyfriend meaning of this sentences?
Can a cover letter goes with an application form?
where can I find concert tickets ?
who is the worst actor/actress in your opinion?
what is the english football teams official ranking?
What will the score be between Switzerland and the Ukraine?
Why do Democrats just b_itch and offer no solutions?
I'm looking for lyrics to steeler songs?
can u say about the learning of mca?
will america win the 2006 fifa world tournament?
What if everything we knew about AIDS was wrong?
How often do men 43 want sex?
what are the characteristis of orientalism?
Unattainable Elementary teaching job?
has anyone heard of the actor John Hayden?
Am I at fault here?
can anyone tell me if the end of the world is near ?
Any opinions about the contraceptive method IUD?
Why don't girls find me attractive?
What is the relationship between birth rate and death rate?
With out suffering there would be no compassion. Do you agree?
can you live without sex?
What deoderant/ body spray is best?
Do Toads have babies in water or on land?
Who is the most annoying person on this site?
why sometimes does my urine smell of sugar puffs?
is it big Scandal?
how many black guys in nhl?
why r people so stupid??
Where can I get fashionable boots fit for wearing in the snow?
what is hybrid car?
help me solve this chem problem?
How can I improve my baseball alone?
what is SixSigma ?
well the bears do wat the did in 85?
Is it alright to fall in love with you bestfriend?
Grammar help, please?
My friend had sex with my boyfriend what should i do?
Why can't I be normal?
Who was Ulugbek?
Math Help Please. Standard Deviation?
anyone know how to help my creativity flow better?
who frightens the children on the way to the auditorium?
What would your message in a bottle say????
whats the funniest joke ever?
what kind of women busy doctors want ?
How can I make a blog?
What do you think about interracial relationships ?
What is the formal name of a burp?
whats it like to get slimed?
Help!! What should I do?
love? and being In love?
sprained anckel?
What is the closest baseball team where you live?
What am i to do?
where do i find pete doherty photos?
how do people find phone numbers?
Our server is getting attacked by someone unknown.?
Why did my question about Egypt turn to a religious argument?
Are fights between lovers common?
bed bugs - how to exterminate them?
why do women get the called the worse names?
Need diet plan that works around uneven work schedule.?
Which band is better, the Clash or Green Day?
Is there anyway I can save AMT in filing tax return?
what do you do when strangers smile at u?
What does psychotropic mean?
What should I do?
How did language start?
What did you get from....?
Am I being insensitive?
How do you know if a chemical reaction has taken place?
Does anyone know of second life builders/scriptors for hire?
what is tomorrow weather forecast for Cebu City?
I've got another math problem....?
Saved relationship for the future?
who loves me and wants to go out with me?
how would you describe a woman?
Why????????
Finish this sentence....?
Guys, how do nice legs look like?
Does anybody in here like sports?
What is the official age of adulthood?
Where do you rank yourself in the world rankings?
What happens a 100 seconds into the Godfather?
why do people wear light-cothes in the summer?
Is it good to take a break from your relationship?
What is the best online dating site to meet transgendered males?
how far is this sentence correct?
who is the shortest white player in the NBA?
what is a broken link on a web page?
How Do i increase my Speed in Sprinting?
What is the alternative name for the octave flute?
will eating two eggs daily lead to high cholestrol?
is there a good clean-up program?
erik and donna broke up,should they be together?
science (waves)?
Girls, is skateboarding sexy?
do you play music?what do you play?
what is octol?
can some one help me with this college level math question?
How do you feel about myspace?
Help with analysis paper?
how can a wheelchair person loose weight?
does anyone know any cool jazz songs for bass?
What does the geometry of a molecule of chalk look like?
how to take baby temperature?
How do you make text move?
Does anyone miss the Montreal Expos?
is there any such thing as transitioanl contacts?
do anybody know anything about  elisha cuthbert?
Riddle me this?
country name?
oxygen consuming?
how can i go to sleep faster?
what do american administration plan for iraq?
does anyone else agree with me?
Tell Us about your WORST Christmas, and why??
Why do men have nipples?
Science question. Methods to test soil.?
How old was Madam C.J Walker when she died?
I need information on Social Work and Diversity?
How is my feature?
Does anyone know anything about INGbanking???
what are the possible reasons for delay in period except pregnancy?
Do opposites really attract?
Who wear airwalks?
What should be my next "Move"?
what laptop processor is the best ???
Do u like the patriots?
why people telling lay on net during chatting?
Why didnt anything bad  happen at year 2000?
What should I do?
Now how come you are not amazed after this?
A question for people in countries other than the US?
What works to get ride of stretchmarks..?
Is Batman Epileptic?
Confused ..please see the details..?
layout of british simplified?
when you shave does your hair really grow back thicker?
can your hair faLL out if you are depressed?
anybody interested in flirting?
time right b4 veneers?
Allergic to metals... What to do? Help?
a free chat line by phone in springfield mass?
What is your company really profitable at doing?
Math Help?
Does  anyone believe in ghosts? Or seen any?
question about dell latitude d610?
How much is it to rent an office building?
what cause headaches, nausea,and stabbing pains?
how can u not become lazy?
Where do I find a mullor wheel manufacturer?
Where did the term "Jack Squat" come from?
How do i create a fake shipping label to trick my friend?
for americans?
what you know  that is everyone  win in 2006 footbal?
how can i format my pc?
What cause some peoples to have high esteem and others low esteem?
Which country has the smartest people in the world right now?
Any idea what it could be..???
what does the fishermen love?
How can i delete protected files?
1 gallon equals how many pints?
How do u get water out of ur ear?
GOP and Democrats...this is for you!?
tools that dentists use?
Are videogames the Black Sheep of the entertainment industry?
american to score perfect score of 10 in Montreal?
Suing the commodities brokerage firm?
How can I know about Phillipine series of 2001?
What Makes a U.S. Marine Special?
Do muslims celebrate Christmas?
Anyone know the whereabouts of Mark Parsons?
theory operation of induction generator?
what was the three fifths compromise?
why are people so hard up on illegality and legality?
can we save the whales?
who wrote ignorance is bliss?
data mining in engineering consultations field?
What emotion are you feeling right now?
how to store the data in our mind?
Does anyone know?
how do  u get a myspace layout?
where can I find info on Valerie Stevens designer brand?
How to loose belly fat in 30 days?
how do i search for someone on the internet?
no one is reciveing my emails. why?
Karate Question...?
Leg Perthis disease?
What is the legal relationship between a doctor an a clinic?
just trying to have fun while im still young?
Will Democracy finally come back to America?
what is the function the phygocyte?
What do you think about The Class?
how can I email the president of the united states?
How to calculate my net salary in the UK?
what is a vernier caliper?
should girls be allowed too play football?
What is objective reporting?
bush or clinton?
Does anyone know how to use Skype?
Why are black people so good at basketball?
Do you believe you have a soul?
Was Ronald Reagan a good man?
Any Alaskans here who can answer a question for me?
What is meant by encryption?
Can the Federal Reserve purchase stocks on the New York Stock Exchange?
Why are lesbians sexy, but not gay men?
Will man walk on Mars in our life time?
Does the following use proper grammar?
Why did you marry that looser?
What is meant by the term "suspended sentence?"?
Why do people not use correct grammar when asking their questions??
if i attend college for an associates degree...?
Has anyone here grown taller After 18?
The answer is yes.?
why do we get old?
what do you think about getting married young?
Is Bush the most divisive president in history?
Does a democratic majority in congress even matter?
how do you veiw some ones comments in word?
what is a 9 sided figure?
A tool that begins with the letter "G"?
Are mice the smartest creatures on Earth according to any religion?
I need someone's help!!?
Do you think I'm a Crocoholic?
How can I save my Calender to a CD?
my husband just went to jail?
Why do lactose-free products still cause stomach problems?
CPU usage 100% ?
How is the property & casualty business in Florida?
Can someone show me the steps to solving this inequality?
What is light?
What's the best free software on the web?
american revolution the causes?.?
How can i talk to him?
why am I the most lonliness person alive?
religions and food?
remedy for loss of hair  all over the body?
Who considers themselves as a redneck?
i told him he was crap in bed?
What are the only two man made structures visible from outer space?
Do you believe galaxies are randomly oriented?
Torino Lady Figure Skating Olympic Champion?
How many people make up one US troop?
Can carbon exist in inorganic objects?
high school?
the drug........?
is limeware illegal?
historic events in Johannes Kepler life?
how do i get ahold of someone managing this site?
can you help??
How can I get over listening to music?
What is a rights offer?
About the bible, what do you think?
how long does an immigration application to canada take?
is uncle tom's cabin a true story?
how can a talented musician make money?
What was music like in 1990?
Need help on a mitosis "story project"?
what to do ?
What is a four letter word starting with the letter n?
Ladies residing at which countries are shy to expose their legs?
are female codoms easy to use?
what is the difference between an in active and active volcano?
how many nanny agency competing at present?
What is the postal code for Victoria, BC, canada?
Are generic domain names still selling for big bucks?
Who do you look more like?
How long is to long?
Can't we all just get along?
Why is it so hard to get a boyfriend?
What is the official website for UNC Wilmington?
Colt McCoy is he the Heisman boy for 2007?
what did thomas edison nickname his children?
GOD really exist? How do you say it?
Domain names?
Is karate in the Olympics?
Do you think Cassel lookes like an alien?
What's your favorite team in the NFL?
Which Card Is Better?
can anyone tell me the diet for diabetes?
How can you naturally enlarge your penis?
why do children commit crimes ?
During what hours of the day do most internet consumer purchases occur?
Is there a GOD?
do you like the DH??
Any good websites that you go to at least once a day?
Define the limbic system,and explain its functions.?
is A.A a cult?
Need as many opinions as possible?
where are you and what's good to do there?
maths question =]?
Need research help?
Which place do you like best for doing it?
What is Quantum Computing and Quantum Information Sciences?
How do gun sights work?
Can I put a laptop hard disk drive in a desktop computer?
Internal Revenue Agent?
is there anything like true love?
Can you help me one more time?
does popularity matter...?
Wats the football rule of offside?
Who does Bow Wow supposedly have beef with?
What wideouts should  I start this week?
the importance of  computers to astronautic engineering?
Where can I find Pitt's 1976 championship team roster?
How are the groups of elements in the periodic table similar?
what is your password?
Can you leave your feet when blocking as an offensive lineman?
Health Care Reform Debate?
What are some good slowdance songs?
do you believe in the psychic?
Im lookin 4 Some Girls   4    Friends?
Three public parks Act of parliament?
kings win the playoffs?
how to come over negitive thoughts?
What started the beef between Chamillionaire and Mike Jones?
y do guys wake up horny?
how to get jokes through email without account services?
If there was a Burrito?
whats 2 and a half times 2 and a half ?
where can I  find  free downloads for norton upgrades?
how can i find the history of my house?
Question for guys or girls.?
making a myspace layout?
Help Guy Troubles!?
IS it TRUE?
McKensie Valley Wolf?
In where is the location of mechanism to create hormones?
What do you get the hunter/fisherman?
What is the first step in creating a charitable trust fund?
How do I create my own web-site?
how do i negociate in trade business?
why can't i focus on my career?
Why are people sooo rude?
In what alien environment, can there be fire without oxygen?
Does your name have a biblic origin?
how can i tell if ones broken?
Is Cheerleading a sport?
why do moose lose their antlers?
Help, please?
where can i find this short film?
why are little boys naughty?
What is the most poisonous fish is the world?
Are there any good wrestling e-feds left?
How to download?
What do you think about present Bangladesh cricket team?
What Should I Do? Please Help!!!?
should i ask him out?
Guess the song # 14?
how does "rent to own" work for a house?
Saving specific emails to new CD-RW's?
HI um how do you throw a good party?
How do i find the magnitude of...?
what are the primary spoken languages of Luxembourg and Lichtenstein?
Calculus Word Problem?
How should we develop today's hard disks?
most people here are too rude,y?
Is bowling a sport?
When is 2 soon 2 say I love u?
What does G.O.A.T meant?
how to detox your self?
How are radiowaves received by radios?
Whose better Wayne Rooney or Frank Lampard?
ACT Score!!!!!!!!!?
Is it legal to kill white people in Zimbabwe?
Who will win the US Presidential Election in 2007?
Italian suppliers of Optical brighteners?
what does dialog box is open mean?
Solar wind's effect on Mercury?
Is the new King Kong a good movie?
Whats the best bait to use for Bass Fishing?
how to become a ky certified loan officer?
i need advise about boys can u help?
how to become an immigrant in switzerland for free?
What to do about a sister in law?
What is going on with satellite/wave communications?
Is Jackie Chan alive or dead?
any exercise to reduce big breasts?
Who watches porn?
who likes zoolander or white chicks?
What is a good homeade guy gift?
Who larry the cable guy or Jeff foxworthy?
What is your favorite horror movie?
Access Programmers - please help!?
I  found a loose connection in power socket of my computer?
Friend needs cheering up - Need help with ideas?
Do you think Hiter really started WWII?
Help!!! crack for Windows XP home?
Please give me tips on protein diets?
whats the opposite of diatomic elements?
trust issues...?
who are the top ten UPS users?
How often do you buy a new MP3 player?
what sunsign are you and what is your favourite television show?
is it true?
Which State can tax me?
lion V tiger which would win.?
Do you think England will win the World Cup?
Who would win in a fight? 7?
how may laps in a 25 yard pool equals a mile?
Herbal Medicine - Placebo or Real?
Does anyone have this item??
what is the difference between bugs and insects?
What is a provincial nominee and how do you apply for it?
what happens????
first time sex?
Being bisexual...?
what foods speed up metabolism?
How do I do a back walk over??
what do men talk about?
Who do you like better as a person, Angelina or Jennifer?
What does ethnic mean?
did we really go to the moon?
What is your favorite NASCAR race track??
would it be weird to name a kid jesus?
Can anyone tell me what tweeking is?
Which species of frog lives only in water and not on land?
Where do you live?
What religion is available where I can eat my dog?
where can i get Neem oil in nigeria?
what are the best business schools in India?
Should I go out tonight? I need to get laid fast?
what biblical place name means pleasure?
What is trhe importance of pressure in time management?
what is DNS2??
why can you not crush Alprazolam?
Easter rain?
clues to show me that my bf is cheating?
Do you think one twelve group look FINE?
Do you who is the drummer of Iron Maiden???
Can quit smoking trigger myathenia gravis?
Curious about strange teenage ways..?
How long will it be?
calcium deposits around the spine. Why does this occur?
log functions?
Can an Internet cord effect the speed of DSL internet?
Someone has e-mailed me through Friends Reunited?
CARPE DIEM-what is this ?
Why do some Christians feel the need to condemn?
Brazil or Cape Verde...?
How is blood produced in the human body?
Do you think Harry Potter teaches something good to kids?
pls help having trouble sleeping.?
i want an anti filter?
where have the serious single christian men gone?
Whats your favourite film soundtrack?
Tornados!!?
What are the top 5 Metallica songs of all time?
hey do you want to date me?
Who listens to Whistle 100?
where is the absolute location of Sacramento California?
How do i tell if he is just trying to get some?
Find person: 韋敏賢 Man yin,Wai?
how can I make a transporting device that can move an egg?
is it ok to start college at 30?
Finish this riddle?
where is Eastbay in green Bay WI?
whats the best way to loacate someone?
What thing(s) can be brought together?
what is spalting?
Retail supermarket operations in UK ?
do u hate any song???
Does anyone know any info on cremation?
Blood in stool?
where is martinahingish?
Does anyone do the Kajukenbo form of martial arts?
is Harold Dieterle from top chef gay?
I need help with rhythm word?
Do you have any jewelery on your arm right now?
Service Dogs & Hotels - Do you have to notify?
I am a Pisces, who is my compatible sign?
Who sings Happy Birthday to Me?
where i can get about history of malaysia?
Whats my all time favorite sport 2 play?
What ever happend to just being nice for no reason?
What is the latitude and lontitude of Paris?
are strapless sandals real?  has anyone ever tried them?
what capital is near the equator and 80 degrees west?
wat is deplasmolyse?
what is the benifit of answering any of these questions?
what is the value of a one hundred dollar bill from 1929?
where can get fishing twine in china?
Would he keep his distance?
who will win the world cup 2006?
Has anyone been watching Big Brother (England) ?
Mutual funds ???
Who and how was the candle invented?
Why are some people so much against christianity?
How can I find out an ID of a person?
whats the worst crime that youre willing to admit to?
Where can I find free on line martial arts manuals?
how many decimeters are in a centimeter?
Who hosts 'eco-challenges' in Ontario?
how do i lock all my tool bars?
What's the best kind of salvia?
Any Tamilians around here?
where does the name paddy wagon come from?
do you think he likes me?
Should I throw out old pictures?
What is the net upward force on a airplane wing?
Could we all be our own false prophet, Anti Christ?
Get me the reliable affiliate program that will generate income immediately?
girl questions?
want to do business with me?
When my girlfriend and I fool around...?
what does HASBO mean?
my computer runs slow and i what to test its speed?
I Bruise Easy!!!?
information on mayas and olmacs?
What is legal aid?
Different seasons of Atlanta ?
What book would you recomend for a college graduating student ?
Is it any pictures about Qtek 9000?
is it a relationship if you never see each other?
why wasn't george w bush assassinated yet?
Anybody good at Geometry?
Was jesus married?
Does God Love You?
Sexual reproduction & Asexual reproduction...?
were the gay illegal aliens represented on may 1st?
What do you think of the new Pearl Jam album?
how can my small business offer credit to customers?
what is Citrix system?
What are you doing to help stop Macy's?
How do restaurants schedule waiters/esses?
How can you get a new job quickly?
is eminem overrated ?
Is God real?
FIFA World Cup will the usa beat?
Where do birds go when it rains?
Is there anyone on here named Michael?
what to do about my job?
who is Jerry Collins?
How do I choose the best children's charity?
Why do people pray with their eyes closed?
What does DMD stand for after a doctor's name?
Do think America has right to tell other countries what to do?
What is the Inferno about?
Who created the alphabet?
Why is religion being degraded in toady's society?
Football gods a calling?
how to approach this guy?
why did he do that?
i think i need a shrink?
Mount Saint Helens is what type of volcano?
can i get information about a copperhead snake?
Does anyone know facts about Liriano?
What should i do?!?!!?
Does anyone know of good clubs/bars in Berkeley, CA?
Question about Sesonal birth control?
What is the most common phobia in America?
Where can I find a map of ancient Olympia?
Mavericks or Spurs?
How Do I Build A Rocket Skateboard?
Any good early-stage tech companies?
what is love and life?
MySpAcE!!!?
What style of music do The Bluetones come under?
Who is the Cleveland Browns best player?
Which phone is best for clarity for a hard of hearing person?
Does a mirror tell the truth?
Is there any information about Anti Gravity Devices?
is libra and taurus are compatilbe?
Red Card-- Man Advantage?
How can i build a good affordable computer?
What would you do?
how do fat blokes get layed?
What schools have the best pre-med programs?
How many goths does it take to change a light bulb?
caution: very, very hard question?
what are the different types of satellite communication?
why do american criminals travel to mexico.?
How do you keep a relationship thriving?
will congressman westmoreland move west for more land?
can the pistions get over 70 wins?
Who was the first person to mix records live?
doi need a prescription to purchase propecia?
Who are English celebrities?
how do I compute for training cost of a class?
Is Dr Phil a real doctor?
Is "The American Conservative" right?
The female of the species?
What was the symbol for World Com Corporation?
A really good home remedy for pimples?
How can you make the background of a picture transparent?
What tools you will need in each case?
What events have contributed to problems in the Middle East?
How was Jinamoc Island used in World War II?
who do you think is goin to win????
Whats ur guess for Saudi Arabia vs Spain ?
is rey mysterio gay?
"effects of being an only child"?
how to prevent wet dreams?
where did the religion of buddhism originate?
where can i find a vocabulary tree outline?
is she just confused..?
Who saw this movie?
Does anyone  know the army alphabet?
Death Penalty?
How do you cure insecurity?
were is a good website to dig up dirt on someone?
Is there any good reason why same gender marriage should be illegal?
Is there a web site for Jumanji the movie?
Result of Juventus - Arsenal tonight in turin?
What do i do about this [my girlfriend]?
Has anyone ever experienced this strange heart issue?
what is the difference between size 14 and size 18?
what are your best one line insults?
similey of grass,hair and water.?
What's your COLLEGE GPA?
I'm horrible at taking tests. Any tips?
Is steriods the next level of sports nutrition?
What is world mathematics day ?
why is it so hostile in iraq?
What do u think ...?
who was the biggest loser?
Prom is coming...HELP!?
looking for cheap pool liners sold from people?
What do I have to do to become an surgeon?
what does flagged email mean?
who did you want to win the nba playoffs?
child support? how much i have to pay?
How old are you and how old do you feel?
How old?!?!?
What is the difference between infromation and instruction?
WHAT ABOUT Abumi Zaku?
how is it to use a wig for a bald person?
what are some good things to do to pass the time?
how do u change 7/8 into a decimal?
Best Friend Vs. Boyfriend?
Spacecraft question?
Does shooting yourself constitute foul play?
Is there an online Japanese language teaching program that you would recommend?
does any body really knows who i am?
Where do you...?
What's the best brand of condoms?
How long does a typical middle school relationship last?
managing computer user?
What is the Freedom of Information Act??
Why are Americans so addicted to being afraid?
Is It Okay To...?
Are you a neat freak or a clutter bug?
can a guy and a girl just be friends?
a type of bird that prefers only one letter of the alphabet?
should old people be shot at birth?
Honestly,how many of u are "Racists"?
anyone knows Gretchen Barreto's Filmography ?
how old is patrick stump from fall out boy?
What Movie  do you think has the greatest name for a title?
how to let him know dat i do love him??
What is 9+3k=2k-12?
what is the phone company or service in the U.S?
is mohamed is last prophet?
Realstate Title Question?
I want to know about cement manufacturers in Brazil.?
Who are the captains of the following teams?
how can you put cool images on PFG?
name 3 non-democratic countries?
Narcissistic Personality Disorder and anxiety?
Jesus had a virgin birth, are you sure?
who likes MJ the king of pop here?
what is a serpentin stone?
how long should a new mom breastfeed her baby?
Which species of turtle best represents the Native American sacred turtle?
steve erkel?
Why does beer give you a "beer gut"?
who is the youngest player in the 2006 FIFA world cup?
how many awards did Derek Jeter get? name them!?
who does the song dancing in the streets?
what happen if someone has taken a website address i wanted?
what do you get a guy for valentines day?
Whay are people against the United States Military?
are bubbles considered solid, liquid or gas?
what is a trial?
How much does a MLB bullpen catcher make in salary annually?
do your parents care about you when you want to help?
what is the most popular shoe for running?
Prison/Jail - Chat/Contacts?
Which is better? MBA or a masters in business/commerce?
who's in multilevel marketing or networking here?
What is masterbuate?
Does anyone know if they are coming out with System Works 2007?
hey any body want to talk?
What kind of chemicals are used in an x ray room?
Does he know? I'm clueless...?
most career interceptions by defensive lineman?
Brentwood home burns week of November 20,2006?
I have copd and no insurance.?
annoying perants?
who is going to win the ncaa tourney?
locate manufacturers web site for "Groove Percussion" products ???
how much is an abortion?
Guy Fawks Night?
question for christians?
What happened to Chris Jericho?
Is anybody from Clearfield Pa?
Why do chelsea boss so boastful?
list of all games won in regular season by all teams?
Is DWP campaign racist?
hey?????men and women??
slashdot or digg ?
Which Law School is Better?
Do you really and honestly know yourself?
how create two child processes  in C to execute command?
who do u think is the hottest guy singer ever?
When will rap/hip hop just die already?
cannot print a web page. (why?
what insurence co has the best prescription plan?
why do people say "anyways"?
where is deira,Dubai. u.a.e?
What is incest relationship and how it can be developed ?
help! im worried about my friend....?
what does it mean when the whites of your eyes are yellow?
can anyone tell me about process engineering or being a process engineer?
Why is your avatar so small?
Why does tomato juice prevent its own seeds from growing?
what kind of bike should i get?
Windows Live not working!!!?
what size chain fits on a pocket rocket?
How Do I Prevent My Period From Coming This Week?
What excatly is computer networking?
Are you looking for a friend?
question about finding careers?
why is fuel cost rising again/?
If there is someone that know any good web site?
why do Democrats hate Republicans so much?
Help Please...?
Who got voted off on American Idol tonight?
what is your favorite ww2 movie?
is it ok to sell drugs for charity?
Estate Planning Question...?
AN EASY RIDDLE?
Should homosexuality have been taken out of the DSM II?
what are the best home remedies for a yeast infection?
What is your favorite thing to do when your bored?
Where can I get Vitamin D from?
will we bomb the earth to death?
What does Matthew 11:12 mean?
when does deer shotgun season in indiana start and end?
do you have to report hunting accidents in Texas?
where can I find information about mathematical fractals?
When is Microsoft bringing out 'VISTA'.?
who thinks australia will win against italy?
why nobody loves me?
what kind of game name will make my keygen code work?
what are the three manegerial functions?
Can you all help me with my chemistry balancing this equation?
should the bible be banned?
what does it when someone rubs their forehead?
what happen between Booker t and Batista...?
Why do Democrats in Congress?
ATTN: MAC USERS - Need some advice?
what do you fear the most?
I think I may have an alcohol problem?
Are You The Master Of Your Domain?
how can i be intelligent and beautiful at the same time?
what does LAMAR mean ?!?
whos this rapper?
Do you continue to swallow even when you are asleep?
How do you get blood off your shirt?
why cant guys get....?
I feel like im being lied to?
have u ever been to Germany?
Who is the best football player of the world today?
have u ever broken up with a guy u love?
does hard candy dissolve faster in hot or cold water variables?
Dane Cook???
About the 3 little pigs...?
pay a bill thats not mine?
Is Laura a sensible name?
Finding owner information in NYC Real Estate?
Should the president presonally lead our troops into battle?
how do you make it when your self employed?
Which footbal player from the Steelers that loves meat very much?
what are the requirements for becoming an embalmer?
differences between a home network and a small business network?
Which bond is weakest?
Iran Fiasco- can U guess what next?
A beaker contains 0.1mol of zinc chloride?
Is there any pleasing you?
Do you believe abortion should be allowed?
plez help me!!!!?
how can i understand mole concept in chemistry?
punishing your boyfriend....?
suicidal...kinda?
whats the integral of the natural log of x?
what happens between alveoli and capillaries?
how do i get rid of yahh tool bar?
On an average day how many people use the internet?
what is operating sysytem?
how does one get hiv ?
Have you voted today yet?
Question for Electricians?
What do IVF stand for?
safe to buy mp3s on Russian sites?
How I get free online indian movies?
i need help with my insect collection...?
The name of typhon?
what is a DoN?¿?
could you help me?
Is there any law or rules to setup a web server ?
can u organize ur time?
where do i find candidates for 2006 elections in Birmingham?
has anyone ever met Jhonen Vasquez?
Where are all the Colt fans tonight?
What are you doing tonight? Anything fun?
What did Kerry mean?
What about my education?
does anybody know this guy named mark hansbrough?
Who is going to be a new Soccer World Champion?
top 5 albums?
Did jesus commit suicide?
Do you know Brent Haider from North Dakota?
What is the true secret to a man's heart?
how many college students are there in the US today?
does anyone like hot topic?
I need accent help!?
Can anyone help prove this geometry question?
What is my favorite Depeche Mode song?
Whos worse Shaq or Ben Wallace?
free powerpoint templates?
what is a good way to stop masterbation?
could you tell me about animal cells and plant cells?
What is an "equatorial radius"?
do u need bf 12-14?
who will england play in 2nd round?
How can I view TV programs in my PC thru satellite?
what is the guest worker immigration law?
Has anyone heard of Herschsprung's Disease?
Why does our city need to be decorated by Ambulance???
Name the universities that give degrees based only on experiences?
summarize Griffith's tranformation experiments?
can i deduct auto loan interest?
Why do liberal Democrats destroy other peoples property?
Who is Betty Boop?
who sings the song check the lost and found in county genre?
What items are on your bedside table?
Does anyone know anything about Wentworth Miller from Prison Break"?
How often do girls play with themselves?
what does the word chaminade mean?
Is this girl worth it?
is it illegal to smoke in public in NYC?
How can I make even better tips at work?
A little song help please.......?
Would you eat a live frog for a million dollars?
why is the sky blue?
Who is the Goal-Man in World cup 2006?
any good men out there?
Can i Convert an AVI file to MPEG?
whats your fav. movie?
Do fish ever get thirsty?
degree of super heayed steam?
When was the island of Trinidad Discovered?
Is there anyone on here thats a relationship expert?
Does anybody know where the Arbuckle mountains are?
what speed internet do i have?
sprinting spikes and socks?
meaning of jeron?
how do you tell if someone has broken their hip?
are you likeable?
What do you call the smallest toe on your foot?
Does anyone work at target on the flow team?
When does Miley World open?
How can I find out someone's email address?
What was your 1st car?  What do you drive now?
Why shouldn't the government spy on people?
Flavored Condoms ?
Who told Jenny Mc Carthy that she was funny?
Which states border the Pacific Ocean?
Where are some good resources for study abroad programs and funding?
please help me?
i can't connect to msn messenger ?
what can you say about cheerleading in australia?
Are you the ideal man / woman ??????
How could i attach logo on my signature?
Are you superstitious?
how big is too big?
About picses and a few other things?
Chicago the movie?
Do you like my face?
Does fixing bugs cause other bugs ?
Will you ever find two people who agree on religion?
best answer gets 10!!!!!!?
whats ur fav movie?
was this Yahoo! Answers made for adults only?
why does my ex still contact me??
what type of mail servers are there?
Who remembers the sitcome "Perfect Strangers"?
What is the Philadelphia experiment?
can u make love to a person without physical contact?
where is the craziest place you had sex?
Does anybody like playing with a ouija board?
I have a racist teacher is it possible to get her fired?
Why is Silver so magic?!?!...?
Wat to do?
Why do clouds hug the tops of mountains?
Who's the best at doing interviews?
how do i get him to look at me?
Do you use Facebook?
Who hates Fidel Castro but loves his hat?
can a convicted felon become a teacher?
cancer in bone or stomach?
any 1 want to chat?
Is buying prescription pills online a scam or illegal?
did the better team really win the nba finals?
whose enjoys sex more? the male or the female?
What does it mean dreaming having sex with other women?
Are there any rich psychics?
what does A.D.H.D means ?
Kelly Clarkson's "Because of You"?
why do men flirt with bartenders?
finding the sum?
what is tru love??
Languages used to write audio and video codecs?
how is mcfly doing in the united states now?
Is there any way to combat terrorism online?
how to unsplit Ms Access Database?
counting calories?
how do i get my w2s?
i love education but i am 27 .what i do?
How can I stop the Increase in support?
what do criminal lawsuit and civil lawsuit mean?
Have you ever had a blood clot in your lung?
How long do Trisomy 8 people live?
This guy i work with..?
What types of food are best for someone who has braces?
am i worng?
Are you there?
what is the average penis size?
england will make something in the world cup or not?
what would be your all time starting 11?
Which fruits are best served in the bedroom, during intermission?
can u tell me sites for homework help?
pothead parents?honest anonymous opinions please?
do you follow...?
how come every one is so mean?
Which movie critics do you tend to listen to?
Is Big Brother' Watching E-mail, Computer Data?
work cited info about "To Sir With Love"?
How can I let a guy know I like him?
What is the history of the AFL?
what is triterpene and what is PAL"?
what is the best football team in the world?
Multithreaded Swing Applications ?
What do you think about how free we are in America?
First handgun?
Will the Us Government ever legalize Marijuana?
the escape velocity of a rocket depends on the?
What do you think you were in your last life?
How can i find free education?
Are there earthquakes in Texas?
injective, surjective, bijective?
What impact does an electrolyte have on a solution?
what is the population of Illiois right now ?
which country are you from??
Would you become a coal miner?
What is the conditional mood of verbs?
Anyone know who designed Sarah Jessica Parker's dress?
how a lesbian could be areal woman?
where is bits pilani?
I am looking for good affiliate programs that really pay?
Tooth hurts bad?
what is the meaning of meaning?
What is the square root of 7?
what is german cultural practices?
Is 97/100 an A or A+?
What rights do we have? Is it too late?
anyone who can be my txtm8??
Why are baboon monkey?
who wants to know what happens to us after we die?
Where can one get a comparatively cheap eduacation abroad?
Should I pay off my house?
if you were an animal what kind of animal would you be?
which shows better?
Why do I find it hard to relax around people?
can anyone help do my homework please?
Will the Miami Heat win tonight?
Where is the next major investment boom going to be in?
How can I include speech balloons in a photo?
does any one know what milf means?
Is the government corrupt?
What should we do about Terrorism?
Is it in our human Nature to fight for our countries freedom?
who is running against Keith LT Wright in the 2006 election?
What is your favourite smell in all the world?
Blogs. . .?
Why can't the public access records for free?
Who will win the NBA finals?
whats your favorite song from a movie sound track?
What are the different terminology of curriculum development?
how do i make out......?
What is the best sampling method in medical researches?
Is "Spamalot" the broadway musical good?
Why do I ask questions?It just gives u points!?
The best Windows movie editing and creating tool?
what is normal sexual behavior?
I need to create a password for a folder in my documents?
Who won the 2002 National Cup?
Is the hutchison effect for real?
Chronic Constipation?
Opinions on joining reserves out of Active Duty Army?
Royal Alliance Bank of UK. Is this Bank the real thing?
whats the movie where tom cruise danced in his underwear?
what are the best ways to close an interview?
whats a good diet?
how do I find out when someone died in west virginia?
How can a bulgarian live in the uk?
Do I have permission 2 punch Dimitri?
ways to increase your long distance running speed and endurance?
free online learning of 3dsmax?
On-Line Degree?
does any one like Harry potter books or movies or both?
(1/8)^x=606?
Can the CIA really hear my thoughts?
What co. in Nashville recycles computers?
how do you report a sick guy ! perv?
family reunion?
Moral Rights Theory?
Is church a good place to meet kinky girls?
How do u know what programs to delete?
can you get discharged from the military if you get an inheritance?
Can I upgrade my current RAM and CPU?
solved this problem?
Advice for ambulatory EEG?
da Ali G show or family guy?
notre dame in BCS game yes or no?
i have a flat screen monitor i need help?
what site will suggest music based on kind of music you like?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of the liposuction?
Who is the best female swimmer at this time?
whats the Square Root of 69..?
Need help finding a song I heard on TV?
designed questionnaire on celiac disease ???
Who do you think is the world's luckiest person?
chances of making the nba if you?
Stomachache problem?
what are some of the procedures for a secured loans?
What's the BEST thing to major in college?
good on you Southend!!!?
Am i fat! seriously?
why U.S. wants to attack Iraq in 2003??
If I blow my load early, What am I?
is communication a cause of progress in new generation?
Here is another joke for you...?
Anyone ever seen a ghost?
Name something irresistible?
short note on defence and education?
knowledge management system?
how do I find TCP/IP info on my PC?
Vehicle is suffering, but owner is fine?
Yahoo is making me depressed. Do I have a law suit?
Is Christo-Wiccan another word for Catholic?
does he like me?
for ladies do you have a fetich?
How do I find a career in wokers compensation Ohio?
How do I edit my verizon address book?
what is QED in maths?
Banned from eBay and need to get back on?
What can I do about a trouble co-worker?
what is the opposite of blank page?
what is the soil in southeast wisconsins make up?
do you truly believe in God? what about Jesus?
where can i get project or paper about heat transfer applications?
what do u think about this? :)?
what came 1st...egg or the hen ?
does the diet pill farenheit cause weight gain?
What ever happened to Areil (sp?) Sharon?
why do men have surgery to correct hernias?
how do yoe feel about the elections?
What would you do? Please help!!?
When Will the earth's oil reserve dry up?
Help plz!!!!?
Location of abominal organs????
Will the MLS fan base improve in the following year?
lonely lonely lonely?
I would like a satellite photo of my house is that possible?
should i call?
cheap laptops??
what is a good science project?????
Veteran's Day?
Why do we need Leaders?
What country was EL CAMELLO born?
wot does flash in the pan mean?
state laws for opening a club?
Has anyone been to this disturbing website yet?
what is the imaginary line around the north pole called?
Surfing vernacular?
Do people do a better job at creating organisms than God?
Is your Memory Lane full of potholes?
Why do you eventualy get sick of a best friend?
What do you think of people who shoplifts?
Honeymooners?
what are the different levels of spondylothesis?
Who would you like Manny Pacquiao to fight next?
What's the best way to lose weight?
How can I make my lazy boyfriend get a job?
Got Tivo? What do you most often record?
Who is the best nascar driver alive?
Mauritius or Seychelles?
where can i get boss by hugo boss perfume?
How do you erase your website history from the address box?
should i ask him out or should i wait?
Anyone with the last name Large ?
if you have bad eye sight can it make you feel dizzy?
What Are The Chances Of....?
Are there any Charlton fans out there?
What does my reoccurring dream about lions mean?
Are you for or against HR 4437?
Does anyone like 30 Seconds to Mars as much as I do?
how do I disable aol toolbar?
can anyone describe cartagena protocol?
What do I do next to pursue a degree in education?
how do you transform a  disposable society?
should i have a breast reduction?
what came first the chicken or the egg?
How can I comfort frail elderly grandmother?
Is it really possible to queef?
i am suffering from high blood pressure. my age is 38?
Which is the safest city in the united states?
what is the difference between meiosis and mitosis?
what did bush do?
this one is for u gals?
What is the best way to deal with alot of anger?
what Will be a good gift for mother's day?
Can one care too much?
How can I deal with my fiance's niece?
How can I find my W-2 form online?
what's big as oceans or small as fingers?
Prophetic Dreams?
What is the meaning of "Cohesion"? Thanks.?
how do you get rid of swelling in the legs?
how to get a promotion in my existing job?
Which are the fourteen principles of the Management?
share your  viewpoint about the movie "i am sam"?
how can i know what am best at?
I have a torn rotator cuff?
this concerning conversation?
where can I find a server that will host my banner adds?
What is the color of my hair?
Torn between two men!! Help me!?
Do all aussie folks eat kangaroo meat ?
Why is my laptop screen blinking?
do you like this movie?
question about how israel was founded?
What is your best team in the NBA?
whats wrong with 'dial up connection'?
How do you get Super Bowl tickets?
Anyone see Nacho Libre?
I need information on Common Law Marriage in the Caribbean.?
does indiana state penitentary have a web site?
Should I run away from home?
How tall is Jeff Gordon?
How to get out of a non-compete contract?
Sue a company for a bad product.?
what is a GRP (advertising)?
What is this song??
Who got booted from American Idol april 19?
Do the chickens have large talons?
Which balancing tools offer the best results for strength training?
Please can you do me a favor kill me please!?
How do you define Evaluation?
how do i know that person is the right one?
what is the oxidation number for KMnO4?
saw the movie? buy prop/remake?
Why do we use Geostationary satellites?
Is it true Emc²?
what are the advantages of being a University student in Sweden?
help! can't stop thinking about her...?
What does guys consider Sluty? Sexy? Sweet?
why some elements are very rare on our earth?
Why do Indians dislike the twenty dollar bill?
To everyone...?
What is the life cycle of a giant squid?
what song is this?...?
Is The Government The Best People To Spend Our Money?
what is small talk?
I cant find the Script for Cinderella form Disney?
Is wearing Lingerie a sin?
where can I buy the miniature tools to take apart hard drives?
Who is going all the way Colts or Patriots?
incorporating text and image files  in email message - not attachment?
What is your favorite funny moment in the WWF/WWE?
is egging houses illegal?
How do you stopyour mom from watching soap operas?
No Lunch Break?
Have you ever hit the sheets with a celebrity?
What cars are produced at Ford open prison?
What do women at clubs really want from men?
What is the opposite of parole, in language terms?
jewish bracelet?
Information on Nursing theorists?
What is biggest complaint you have at a salon?
how did farming change the way people live ?
Whatever happened to Tony Perkins from Good Morning America?
What is the most transforming thin Jesus ever said to you?
What does it mean when your heart skips beats?
Heres a funny one....I think?
help   please?
Why does someone urinate too frequently?
What is this number 0845 838 1943 ?
Can I delete my previous installations of .NET framework?
What is the meaning of life?
who is binladin?
Are ligers real?
if i had 100 dollars?
Grammar: Do you capitalize 'is' in a title?
When (dates) is Spring Break taking place this year?
Which women died at age 80 on February 4, 2006?
Simple odds?
when did benfica win against barcelona?
would punk guys date black girls?
What can we do to stop racism?
i just bought sabot accelerator .30 caliber.?
master cleanse diet?
Why are so many americans so stupid?
getting into mit?
Whats the most obscure band you know?
How can I obtain a credit report without using credit card information?
how can i use MIRC?
Why cosmos does not have end?
how can i do to make she forget her ex-boyfriend?
why does Harris Bank suck?
love will i find ture love?
looking for a tyiping wesite.?
what is logic?
is playing soccer a good way to loose weight?
mri results from beaufort memorial hosptial?
re-lap band surgery?
i have to ask. is ther a program?
Would you do it?
how do i get fired?
If I was your unwanted baby what would you do?
How do I get around school web blocks?
largest penis?
what movie is this?
Who Knows Ritas last name???
What has four wheels and flies?
why is RP Singh not bowling well?
How do you get your poem on a hallmark card?
What do u want for Christmas??? =]?
what do guys really like about girls?
Bad social skills or Social anxiety?
How many Star Wars movies are there?
who do u think will belong to the quarter finals ?
how can i find out my friends ip address?
what kinda music do you like?points anyone?
Is fifth an ordinal or a cardinal?
FIREWALLs how do you shut down ?
Thinking of buying a house....any advice?
Dudes only - Which would you screw first?
Chest pain and breast cancer?
Flawless?????
Who are the 3 best football players and teams?
When do you start to get desperate?
Im thinking of naming child Rod. Do you like?
What's wrong with getting a breast exam?
Postsecret?
Is pre-med and pre-health the same thing?
What's your favorite song?
Nioami Campell looks like Beyonce ..?
is very single dollar on the world market actually printed somewhere?
Does anyone besides me like lita?
Dane Cook's Vicious Circle?
gabrielle morrison?
Bovine Embryo Collection?
do u believe in the death penalty?
Any teachers from Washington State?
how can i reduce font size on my screen?
who can tell me the number of the star groups?
is there anyone born on 18 aug?
how can you start a relationship with a guy you like?
Australian Employment Conditions?
How can i cum?
Has anyone worked in dietary?
What type of education and experience do graphic artists need?
what did jimmy the greek say to get fired?
What are the days of the week in Spanish?
What organ carries alcohol out of the body?
What is the weight?
Differences between Conservative and Liberal?
What government parties controlled japan during WWII?
Given the  choice could you afford to?
What are the differences between certain denominations of churches?
what are some grey's anatomy songs?
does anyone know the metaphysics of Romeo and Juliet?
what is the best neighborhood job?
what are the best websites for hilarious jokes?
this is more of a statement but here...?
Did the M1 Garand have a grenade launching attachment?
Are all dual-core processors 64 bit processors?
HUMPTY  DUMPTY   sat on the wall?
Ladies (Adults only)?
Who said this...?
is condom for women that they use?
how to become pregnent?
Who is England's all time leading goalscorer?
why are blue balls called blue balls?
how much do webcam people make?
what do you like better, bouldering or vertical climbing?
has there been a hurricane in ohio?
why is the voice important to an actor?
Anyone hear heard of Star Wars: Empire at War?
why do people protest against WTO?
MySpace Help?
Where do people get vegetable seeds from?
hello,fifa world cup is a sexy.?
WHat are 10 household energy draining devices?
Why do guys think that they are better than women?
How or when do u think ur bf is cheating?
how to find pictures of the name laura?
Why is the Gabba cricket ground so called?
How do I make a website banner?
How Long Could a Human Adult Live Drinking Only Beer?
What programming language should I teach myself?
How much different would life be if Earth had two moons?
if a chicken had lips, could it whistle?
where can I find the 'black5' blog?
What do u think about people datein outside their race?
How much do season passes to colorado ski resorts typically cost?
describe fermantation of starch?
what is the lake test?
What were three causes of the U.S. civil war?
why do people cry before a seizure?
Will Beyonce Knowles marry Jay-Z?
tROUBLES!!!?
nurse aide certificate renewal?
Who is your favorite character in The Lord of the Rings Trilogy?
how i can clear my search in the geb?
can you help me out with some girl????
do twins in holland speak double dutch?
why don't we have retirement for politicians?
How is Evolution possible?
how to play pool?
Sue for slander?
How do I get rid of the Mac Blue Screen?
why are people always so negative?
what percentage of people with aids are hetrosexual?
Is losing your virginty a big deal?
What is the worst smell that you have ever smelled?
When did the movie The Illusionist take place?
is romance same as wild sex?
I need to know the bible time line ?
where can i get new free midis?
why do people blame the president for everything?
seriously, are there any nice guys out there????
What is the problem here?
What is Upscale Club Wear?
Who fought the Abanki War ?
Is having a Sexual Conversation with your Teacher Wrong?
the littlest angel?
Why do I feel responsible after 21 years? See below?
is wrestling totally fake or do people actually get hurt sometime.?
What are `Squatters Rights` in UK?
How do u apply to be an adult chat room host?
where is asian dub foundation?
anybody know  where to download music for free?
Addicted to love?
who is the 8th best player in the nba?
What do you think?
what type of equipment is used for ice hockey?
Theory of change?
How to repair harddrives?
where do i find youth softball sponsers?
Have you ever had a stalker?
What is the main reason for phone sex?
Is Aries and pieces compatible?
Can dreams actually come true?
Is Iran preparing for another Halocaust for Israel?
investment requried for IT industries?
Joseph comes home from?
why do u not chose me as best answer?
how many times did tarver and jones fight?
for rock fans?
Are you looking for  sugar babe?
is it bad 4 water to run up the vagina?
what is the gay show noah ark web site.?
Bra sizes?
can you prove 2+2=5?
Why did Paul dishonour the Covenent of Abraham?
Do seashells live in Wildwood New Jersey?
i need pugget to answer this  !!!!?
Who's taller?
if you were a place?
what is rapid loss 245?
would u be a polygamists 3 wife?
What is your favorite song?
Who is the hottest celebrity?
for the ladieswhat position is better in making love?
What is a republican? What is a democrat?
i need some youth football plays/ defense?
where do i find my IP number????
1980 scottish cup final who scored the winning goal?
why is only one of my glands swolen and painful?
Web address for Snoop's Shizzolator?
Do you see Switzerland being in the Quarterfinals?
When is the NHL schedule for 2007 determined?
Why do people say 'Lah' in Singapore?
Does it annoy you when people gossip?
she likes my best friend, and i want her so bad?
do u like high school musical???
what is zapped?
Where can I download Pocoyo Videos?
When you think about YOUTH what words pop into your mind?
can some body explain this to me?
What is a good Christmas gift for my boyfriend?
can i LOVE YOU?
why bikers dont wear red pants?
sample ballot for 2006 election of cook county judges?
Help don´t know how to act!?
Why is marijuana illegal but alcohol is not?
must refrase my question on high blood pressure?
Parallelogram...?
Juliya from FUSE?
An increase in the OH- in a solution would result in?
armpit hair problem.. help PLEASE?
Hard disk or RAM??
What did you think of Manny Pacquiao vs Erik Morales?
What Should i ask for a Topps 1985 complete Tiffany set?
What is a banderol?
have you seen that program " last comic standing "?
Whats the best rivalry ever?
effects of small arms in north africa?
welding defect?
Should I get up and go to work tomorrow? And why?
any websites i can download movies free of charge?
How are space navigate vehicles different form land based?
the smallest type of micro_organism is called a?
What do you think of General Wesley Clark?
Define tyranny?
Gay Teenager?
what is RSS?
where can I find a list or file of SQL codes?
What color is blood with no oxygen?
Low carb eating?
Do you care who will win the upcoming Mexican presidential election?
What is love without sex?
what do you really think about illegally emigration?
can I apply for a macy's credit card online?
what is the deepest fresh water lake?
how do people veiw eminem?
Is American government is behind the 911 attacks...?
why wasnt it as big a deal?
Is Shareaza or limewire better?
skin problem?
what is the best way to make money from home online?
Diet and excercise?
are you a fool?
Where can I find Minority Business Grants in Florida?
Alternative World Cup?
What do men look for in a woman?
manga scans? ^_^?
What's the best way to keep a secret?
where can i get swissland flag?
Is anyone elses husband addicted to playing poker online?
what is IBOC?
What does it mean when birds "seek" you out?
How can you find out how many MB your video card has?
Menstrual Migranes?
What is Nondenominational?    What does it mean?
How can you tell if your man is gay?
Who is the greatest baseball player to ever live?
can water drought be considered a natural or man-made disaster?
what is the beginning salary for a coach?
cure for cold?
whatis the meaning of viya in arabic?
quality of dunlop resolve clubs`?
do you think that the?
How do I make Yahoo my home page?
Only if u live in seattle?
What's the story with Kabbalah?
Do You Have an Ethical Dilemma?
this sucks.?
Better band.....Dokken or Cinderella?
Is there such thing as Sims 3?
need help from women!!!!?
who will win the "Apprentice"?
how many mililiters in a liter?
what race is the singer Cassie?
has anybody told you how special you are to their life?
how to bufffen up your chest?
the Tarzan  play in the theater?
Where can i get cool computer fonts from?
who is the current FIFA president?
Who here thinks that OJ Simpson was Guilty?
where can I find an online TV Guide?
Is Greta Van Susteren Bisexual?
Whats a great podcast?
Who was the first president?
improve speed in vba automation?
trigonometric identities?
Phone Bill??
make me laugh? think u can? do it! now?
Who is the 1st president in the Philippines?
did  you know any  guy named T-Pain?
dose size matter?
Who is the Genie?
What was Wolverine's second appearance?
MS Office Powerpoint presentations?
2 part question?
do u think it is scary to die?
how many times does a swallow flap its wings?
Why is Splenda being taken off the market?
Delaware Compromise?
Who else is in love with the show "Intervention"?
How do you tell your boyfriend you have found someone else?
Don't you wish your girlfriend was HOT like me?
do you think you eat right?
how do you mail a letter to Hong Kong?
what are dolphins' enemies?
What does this mean?
Anything interesting about Charles Cornwallis?
What is the meaning of life?
What country was Schumascherr from?
How much income must be earned to file federal income tax?
Cold or Herpes ?
Is it just me?
A Hardy Boyz trivia question.?
what causes the skin around my fingers to crack?
why does everything depend on what the woman wants?
Where is the most fun place to travel in the world?
who synchronize swims?
for the men?
Did the 'Da Vinci Code' change your beliefs and faith?
what is a website that has registration codes for different programs??
how many times for the week do you have sex and where?
Business Startup Costs?
Have you heard a better dirty mind joke than this one?
About hindu music??
Stressed out at internship!?
How do you enter into the field of actuarial science?
Do you believe in vampires ?
is it safe  to lick  the anus of yur wife?
insecticides when did they start?
What fireworks are legal in CT?
Are CAT scores for 11 year olds reliable?
Should I fake the funk, on a nasty dunk?
Who here thinks Notre Dame is underrated?
Where can I find information about autism?
Who dumped who?
How much money would it take before you considered yourself rich?
How to satisfy a girl on the bed?
Question for guys?
eye for an eye in the talmud?
how do i get my address book icon on my desktop?
What should i do for my 13th birthday party?
Should pretty girls get hired for their looks alone?
what is CN?
deaths in star city arkansas in oct 2005?
what is a pss high frequency dissicator?
what should i use...for dry skin?
is it fair????
What Do Fish Say When They Hit a Concrete Wall?
what is a setting of a book?
Will the gov protect us against this?
Please help.Legal advice on child & support...?
Why are they called 'pommes de terre'?
Name the Top 10 Best Rappers?
Why do people urinate on themselves when they are scared?
Pls help me?
What were some of the games during the Renaissance?
can i download film songs from any site?
is there a way to know who visits your myspace page?
how to get money in one day?
hwy i am quitting becuose.?
My brother and my cousin are arguing please settle this debate!?
name an animal that lives both in and out of the water?
does Florida require a concierge license?
When a boy Young?
how to deal with back stabbers or backbitchers?
What football club do u support?
Shoul I consider lasery surgery? Does it Work?
Dwayne Wade's wife?
Do we really need a partner?
What author coined the phrase user-centered design?
Is this a good place to retired & why?
why does the letter K represent a strikeout in baseball?
what is a bill of sale?
what are some good colleges for pharmasits?
mynetworktv station list?
Does you like it?
GMT is Coordinated Universal Time now?
Lyrics??????????
Graphite into diamond?
where can I get information on Montel Williams' disease?
Who was excited to have scrubs back on tv tonight?
who is Joao Carlos Cabral?
What are the Design Review Guidelines for Project Management?
How do I tell a friend that she is being really annoying?
What is the phone number to vote for Taylor Hicks!?
O well, thanks 4 ya'lls input.?
what are gamma ray bursts?
Best martial art to meet my needs - please read:?
Alzheimers?
Do you think that the executive body exercise too much power??
woman laws?
What does it take to become a chick magnet?
help me with this please!!!?
Do you think ebay changed the world of online buying?
how do u get nail glue of teeth?
Who do you think is the fittest footballer on earth?
What does SAP stand for?
how do you become oraganized?
NYS laws re property damage by fallen tree?
Does Hannah Montana have a fan club?
what's the importance of religion in man's life?
What does hete beste mean?
www.dfa.com.ph?
Who is your favorite NASCAR Nextel cup driver?
are you an insane monkey like george bush?
Impart some wisdom upon me?
Weird noises?
How can I see lyrics using Windows Media Player 11?
you guys have to check this out!!!?
When we get attacked the next time?
how do i get on myspace when it has a block?
How many seconds is Live TV delayed?
Guys: is your penis length actually related to foot size?
what should i get for christmass?
How is it possible to separate the components of a mixture?
What state do you live in?
is acer aspine 1642 good laptop?
is puma making a away kit for iran?
Are you romantic?
why did OJ get awya with murder?
I was wondering...???
Domain Keys?
relationship question?
tell me what is the best cell phone today and why?
can any body explain about kernal mode,user mode?
ladies - i just could not help myself?
how many total cities are there in India.?
hep c treatment?
Need date time picker??
Do girls just wanna have fun ?
Is mother's day all about consumerism these days?
Why are fans crazier at football games than basketball games?
what do you know about mars ?
Is Armenia in Europe, Asia, or the Middle East?
Do you think Bush is going to cave on illegal immigration?
Pepto bismol in the White House?
what  trophic level does fire ants leave?
Who would you, have liked to have known?
What is the rarest substance on Earth?
price of cvs stock?
Are Vampires for Real?
Help how to do this math short answer?
how can i help myself think more positively ?
somebody knows if I can do questions in spanish?
how long does it take large co. to hire?
can light bent by electromagnet or gravitational field?
Where online can you read stories posted by real people?
alternative what? I'm the first to ask?
my husband and i argue about this!?
How do lightbulbs works?
why is the chicago lake front where it is now?
How do I get rid of Chronic nightmares?!?
Classy Wedding Gift Ideas?
what is chyna white the rapper's real name?
what is the ninth month out of the year?
Do sons ever get what their dads didnt give them?
There is a need to change the constitution?
Who will win the upcoming Superbowl?
Can someone tell me how the apple cider diet works?
Is your heart full...?
Who said this basketball player?
how can I find a job in UK?
just field hockey?
How has the Spanish language influenced the United States?
Answer this riddle?
Please suggest some effective ways to reduce office stationery consumption.?
Has anyone seen Copying Beethoven?
what is mascot's name of FIFA World Cup 2006?
why shouldn't women rule the world?
nintendo characters?
O.K. You lot win !!!!!?
Watching England vs Portugl game in NYC?
Ford vs. Dodge?
Guys whats your prefrence?
Why isn't something like 'white-holes'?
Where can I find a internet view of the World Cup?
What were the prosectors arguments in Worcester v. Georgia?
What did you call me????????
Rock and Metal or Punk? Whats better music?
how do u kiss some one?
Which song is getting played toooo much and kinda boring now?
Books for second graders?
Why should the electoral vote system be changed?
Anyone familiar with Chisanbop?
about the World War 1?
What would a good diet be for an obese man?
What are all plants composed of?
Help please?
blahy blah  99+3=?
what are the symptoms of sciatic nerve?
What was the last thing you scratched?
The NFL!!!!?
What did Roosevelt do to help the allies between 1939 and 1941?
The song "mouth" by Bush?
What people think of Colombians?
Is the reptilian empire coming to reclaim Condi?
Can someone give me a job in dubai?
snl "chess spartan cheerleaders"?
Workers of the world unite, more relevant now than ever?
to get Search engine using vb.net?
Supreme court appointment question?
how many  fifa world cups did madona win?
what are the 9 predictions in the play Macbeth?
how to remove extra icons in yahoo toolbars?
Sat Nam or Namaste?
if you had one wish,what would it be?
does anyone know how to in-line skate really fast?
how long does it take to get k1 visa?
whats keggles?
from where can i get linux cd?
If gore had REALLY won in 2000?
Best P.O.D. CD's and songs?
what is the effect daily masturbation to body?
Can You Please Help Me? God Bless You.?
Need love help?
What is the meaning of life?
how do you add pics to your myspace blog?
did i do good on my reportcard?
what does NCAA mean in basketball?
What does B.P.O.E stand for?
What is humility?
How do potholes form?
Does anyone know where I can find sample contest rules?
how can we destroy vanity?
do my girlfriend love me?
can anyone name the next line to the song????
open source adware remover?
I dont want to take swimming lessons!?
What country are sloths most commonly found in?
anybody got really cool smiley animation sites?
Anyone know of a fast that removes toxins?
Where can i find a photo of Matilda?
Football trivia anyone?
i need some help with my human resource course...?
Why do summer TV shows suck so bad?
Nicknames...?
Sweet Tooth?
How do you find product keys for software installed on a computer?
what are the disadvantages of object oriented programming language?
How do you fix a broken LCD in your laptop?
Just askin for any good tips on flash animation?
What toothpaste gets your teeth the most white?
Did you watch the WB show Supernatural ?
Why are people gay or lesbian?
How do u talk to somebody of your opposite gender?
do you know who shaun white is?
Do you think that a girl should be aloud to play football?
Why am I still an a.ssh.ole?
What's your favorite love song?
Where do you find Disney Channel movies?
Math equation that I need help solving?
How do you calculate momentum?
Any one know any good Yo momma jokes?
choclates????
what is the meaning of curvature?
should i delete his game?
what is the differene between language and package?
Why do people get mad at the post office workers?
Will an asteroid crash into the Earth in 2032?
Why polaroid sunglasses are prefered over ordinary sunglasses?
What happens if I dont vote??
what is the name of afghanistan campital?
.what is a feature of a convenience sample?
which wwe wrestler has the most deadliest finishing move?
How can I cancel my e-mail acount?
How come everybody is biting my style?
what is the future of the knicks??
what is a bancorporation?
what does intercourse feel like for a guy?
how big our the lungs ( in ur body)?
How is the consumer confidence level calcuated?
Is there any way to fix my bad credit?
role of government in international and multinational marketing?
can anyone help?
How long until the Marines start to eat Crow Sandwiches?
D howard : 20 rebounds (4th time)?
adoption question?
I can't type some letters in my keyboard?
i need any kind of good freeware?
how is pongal celebrated?
How many milliseconds are there in a second?
what is the any key?
About wireless connections on laptop.?
Nice .wav and .mp3 editor?
opinions about home-schooling?
What is Terrace of Warp?
A question for pro-choice women?
IS there a hole at the North and South Poles?
Who is happy today?
how do you tell you boss she smells?
what time is sunset today?
Why am I still single?
Why do people care about which famous person is dating whom?
Does anyone know where I can find free fonts?.?
what do women really want and better  why?
dear friends please pray for me?
X factor winners?
What is the average price of land per acre in Raleigh NC?
How many goals did France score in the 2002 World Cup?
Is it safe to mix creatine and a protein supplement?
why yellow feeces?
sin (a+b)=???
what is the proper way to use cold turkey in a sentence?
i cant just forget aout him!!?
When will Albert Pujols'come back to play?
convert from fahrenheit to celsuis?
who is your favorite aussie actor?
How many home runs will Bonds end up with?
When you have long holiday?
Can I loose weight like this?
Does rain interrupt a football (soccer) game?
Why don't active muscle cells export pyruvate?
What is the difference between a solar and lunar eclipse?
Who are your top 5 ballhandlers in NBA history?
What can i do to make my fiance understand?
Is beck appropriate for children?
A question for the guys.?
Should female soldiers be sent to the front lines with male soldiers?
What were the landmarkings of the world in 1914?
What do YOU guys think?
whats the origin of HIV/AIDS?
Ibook Image editor?
Spanish translation???
Population of city Montreal, Quebec, Canada?
where can i buy nate robinson jersey?
How old is the youngest person on here?
for the ladies?
Why do girls reject me all the time?
ho was nicolae ceausescu ?
I have a friend named Emily......?
Would you rather have a stock dividend or cash dividend?
do I love?
Some advice please?
Any of your dreams come true if so what were they about?
has any one ever seen a real ghost?
Babydaddy drama:(?
What step should I take next?
more frog dissection?
Do you read spoilers for your fav series?
Anyone watch a lot of movies??
what is a good science topi for an eight grade project?
Is Christ for the Nations Institute a good place to study music?
Donovan Mcnabb?
What is the greatest invention of all time?
Would you make this trade?
Can anyone answer these 2 questions?
how didGod people Isreal become a country?
how can i go to ATT.com?
want to apply for a job at kmart on-line?
What is TPOX?
Who thinks Jason Wahler is badass?
Whats a good topic for a HOW TO speech?
is 81,372 less than 81,367?
how to get a expired judgement off my credit report?
Please Help me!?
I need some help!?
how to manufacture air ship  gas helium?
Question for mormons?
what is the power factor of an A.C. source?
Are we being watched now?
how do i calculate interest on a certain amount of money?
What are some well known poets?
Does my vote count??
Myspace HELP!!!?
who else will the bears loose to the rest of the season?
Am i Fat????
What is the best way to get close to someone you like?
I am looking for a easy printable football trivia?
In a vacuum does sound still exist?
density as function of temperature.?
How do you lose belly fat?
Do you like Panic! at the Disco?
How do i make the school soccer team?
who is the best nba player of all time and y?
Does anyone else celebrate Festivus?
how many different teams have won the world cup?
philippine annulment?
what is the best way to end racism in the soccer game?
God created the starvation in Africa, its called population control??
MSn messenger..do you like it?
gift ideas for my brother in laws b'day?
Charcoal as a medicine?
Who is the only Super Bowl MVP from a losing team?
How to make the bluetooth Dongle to connect my phone?
How to break root Password ?
do aliens exist?
Are you at peace with your world today?
What brand of womens shoes makes a more comfortable heel?
what is dirt?
singapore girl guides the road map?
can someone help me with a report?
What are the odds?
Is england really an offical country / a nation ?
What's better the contraceptive pill or the patch?
do you like the taste?
how do we know that  the earth is not hell?
What does this mean [in German]?
is sneda bored??
Whats a good song?
How to install Windows XP?
Who would be your favorite running mate for kerry in 2008?
Have u ever had any smalls miracles happen 2 U?
my firewall is not starting what to do?
how do you convert avi. files to wmp.?
Which is your your preference; RAP or Metal music?
What is the highest peak in the world?
How I do figure out what sound card i have?
Who invented glue and when?
What teams are going to make the NFL playoffs this year?
which country provide the footballs in world cup?
what foods are particularly good or bad for recovering alcoholics?
Please tell me wats 6C3?
is stephanie Macman really married to triple h?
When does the 2006 tornado season begin?
abt scc corrosion?
Scottie Pippen or Kobe Bryant?
A tough math question, including permutations?
celeb sex videos?
Do you like Joss Stones songs?
What is a 'Wet Frankie'???
when was abortion legalized in canada?
I would like to  hear from all Patriot fans.?
Is it a good idea if i join the army?
is life what you expected?
abc order??
What do all the Politcal Parties stand for?
who is mohammed azharuddin?
X men 3 - pyro?
What is the best English translation of the Koran?
How is posture maintained with the muscular system?
Does anyone know any information on "Rubber Johnny"?
Who was David Augustus Boody?
how long does an officer have to execute a search warrant?
Quick 10 points to see if you know-?
what does probability exactly mean?
Is golf a sport?
what is parallel universe theory. what dos it tell?
What is the water pressure ina lake?
What Country was you born in and where do you live now?
Help me please!?
who is terrorist? iran? or america??
Anyone know of a testacle simulated item?
How can I get A visit visa to the USA?
What could it be??
What is the functions for the nucleus of an animal cell?
what is the longest muscle in the body?
Which is worse?
Has anyone tried any of those pyramid schemes and been surprisingly successful?
Help!! Anyone?
I got a relationship problem.  Any help?
Trying to find doctor?
how old do u have 2 b 2 have a credit card?
Where should i apply cologne?
how can i make some money fast but with good thinks?
What's a great gift for a spanish teacher?
what are the 2006 olympic medals made of ?
how can you tell the olsen twins apart ?
which one should i choose?
how does a bill become a federal law?
what Question To Ask in a Interviewer?
what are the advantages of sexism?
what do the weels on a bus do?
what is the difference between saltwater and freshwater wetlands?
ladies... u feeling randy baby?
is my blood pressure ok?
address for email toservehim@yahoo.com?
Occasional computer freezes?
How does economic development affect human consumption?
What should I say if I ever meet god?
What do the initials AFS stand for?
An overdose of Pain Killers?
Can as well be written as one word?
LLC Operating Agreement to be filed with?
Mark Twain says about India like this.?
How long should it take you to get over an ex?
what is a good business to start?
Is the WNBA more physical than the NBA??
Who will win this years college football national championship?
Can someone explain the old English money system...?
Should I Get Him a Gift?
Heather Mills-McArtney.?
What is a brave act?
When will people stop crying and realize there is?
How far away is Saturn these days?
What is a duo core processor and how do they work?
name a good white RunningBack in the 80s and up?
What does it take to be a special education teacher?
What can lift a 700 ton bomb?
who  can  play  well?
What makes fans so passionate about League?
Actor in 'Simon Birch'?
what was the driving law in 1985?
i know i can (be what i wanna be)?
what would it feel like?  why not?
What Insect in the center of the USA is all Mouth?
what is the disadvantages of bringing handphone to school?
is crazy train a hard song to play on guitar?
how do i get rid of hiccups?
nouns that describe turtle??
what is the job of low-wage earner?
did God create homos?
best country to buy a house as investment?
MUHAMMAD  *?
what is the difference between computer science and computer engineering?
15 pounds weight loss, help!?!?
What does lol mean?
what is the best way to get a job over seas?
does anyone care?
would you give your  credit card number out on the internet?
will any one sign my guest book on my websites?
woah i couldnt belive he said this?
do you find feminine men annoying?
Why does water form bubbles when shaken?
what are some new roster changes?
how to change my space layout?
i need help somebody?
Who or what do you care about other than your self?
do you consider your self a normall persion?
plz help me?
Aussie name for a cattle thief?
how to let someone know that you are attracted to them.?
where can i find a free burner program.?
The End Justify the Means?
Why do blondes have more fun?
SmackDown?
Why do hardware components need drivers to communicate with the operating system?
Trade or University?
what is swellness?
Did God worship Jesus?
how do I fix a LCD television?
What do you think about this saying?
is mas*******bad?
Whats the best line ever from a song?
is prinze and gellar still together?
How many different men/women did you sleep with?
Can i hav scex with my neighbour?
What does zest and optimism mean?
girls only!!!?
How do i let him down with out  breaking heart?
Do you believe there is a Heaven and hell ?
Can a Good Friend turnout to be someone you really like?
Does this mean shes not a virgin anymore?
Fo 10 points ha? i need help?
How do men know what women are thinking ?
who is going to win W C football this year?
how can u post pictures on yahoo??
What are you  going to do if...?
is java interpreter is written in java language ?
Div Problems in Firefox?
If you could have sex with anyone who would it be?
Who was the minor league player that ran through the fence?
Jedi as a recognised religion?
how can u make ur own software?
what should I do if I see him cheating?
What should I do?
How can I delete Internet Explorer?
Question about becoming a caddy?
Where can you get National Geographic March 1998 issue?
Would you?
What is unused activation key?
what song is this in the movie old school?
where is a good place to get free wedding clip art?
What would you recommend me to do to find an engineering internship?
looking for name for a fishing boat....suggestions?
How do I know if she is ready to kiss me?
what is wireless A/B/G?
what's your favorite song to have sex to and why?
can You recommend a training for ironman??
Cindy Sheehan?
why   can  i   not   get  into   yahoo chat   rooms?
After graduating should I keep all my textbooks or sell them?
Is Quebec still trying to gain independence from Canada?
what should i do? should i contact my gf?
If I was provoked into starting a fight?
What shrinks wood?
Labue San Francisco Giants?
"Eminem - Stan"  Was it a Real Story?
where can I download a blank cricket scorecard from?
How much money would I need to open a club?
Fav movie?
What is the difference between inertial and gravitational acceleration.?
how much is miami sales tax?
What professional area that you are interested in would you choose?
what is the breed of don cherry's dog?
what does those mark on a college football helmet stand for?
In the Civil War what was a teamster's job?
What is your criteria for picking a religion.?
which one is the worlds 4rth bigest capital?
Are all of you happy?
can you help me out?!?
Ambassador's Headquarters?
Is fibromyalgia caused by depression?
What does the Jewish Tradition have for someone who is not Jewish?
How can I connect Windows Me to Windows 2000 Server Family?
Does anyone know who Kookoo Bananas is?
Grade System?
how do you become an international aid worker?
moral dilema , stay or move on ?
i want program to convert to mid format?
what music band do you like?
Child Support Agency?
Soccer poll!?
with regards to aussie rules?
people that r good in biology?
does he like me?
In soccer, what is a "nutmeg"?
Should I stay in uni or should I go?
BT Yahoo Antispyware disappears?
what do you think about a microchip in your body?
what is gary owen?
What did the ant....?
jungle footnotes?
Should I just kill my sister?
name for jacquline in greek?
what is the killing by sword in japan  called?
Advice on spinning/cycling certification?
Who is blowing at the nape of my neck?
How old do u think u should be to get married?
Why aren't the Alabama arsonists being labeled terrorists?
Anniversary.?
Have you slept with more people than your age in years?
how will trade liberialisation help Nigeria?
Hotmail attachment question?
Do you believe that American Imperialism is a good thing?
is it true that the sun is getting hotter?
How much did Vince Young sign with Titans for?
Are these two equations equivalent?
what are the four voltages produced by an AT power supply?
how do i clean my plasma computer screen?
how much planets in the world?
What are socio-economic factors which influence health?
What are the risk factors of smoking while you are pregnant?
how to increase my height?
Does He Love Me?
Tell me something about the history of November?
Seriously are there any nice western guys in Dubai?
what is an office management?
what's the reason behind these STDs? bacteria right?
How do I get through this with person?
how much do math/science professors make?
Were can you sell used college books at?
what work at home jobs are out there?
Do You Think...?
What was the first James Bond movie?
How to minimize Firefox to the  right of Task Bar?
does damage occurs to the surrounding muscles when a bone is broken ?
Why are Bush supporters so reactionary?
is it high end or high-end?
i want to download a DVD on to my computer.?
backpain with stomachache ?
is Red Deer, Alberta, Canada an earthquake zone?
Help Canada?
Why did ...?
What happens with glucose-glutamic acid reaction?
how do you grade oral presentation outlines?
Should I Break Up With My Boyfriend After We Graduate?
what are plants in the neritic zone?
whos gonna start for the bears for RB postion?
Best path for a software engineering degree with interest in business?
will sammy sosa make a comeback?
japanese help?
where can i sell 2nd hand cowboy boots in singapore?
How can I get more faith, it's pretty weak?
what are the five types of energy?
What does "fire starters" mean?
Kirby Puckett?
what was the first living person male, or female?
What is part plant part animal??
My computer screen keeps quivering?
is there anything that eats wasps?
What do people want from me?
Why do kids have less rights then adults?
Panthers / Patriots superbowl rematch this season?
explain the biological/brain mechanism of emotional behavior?
sample resume for casino dealer?
sex party los angeles?
will australia beat brazil?
broken laptop screen, help?
Who is your favorite current Yankee player and why?
what is ment by (lol)?
what is kahhbalah?
Weight loss is at a standstill?
Is anyone familiar with the speedy old time piano music?
What are some good theatre schools in Houston, Texas?
real answer?
theres person completely honest?
what are the thing that girl want from boyz?
Anyone go UNI in Manchester. Do you enjoy it.?
help me again please?
How should Christians look at approaching sex?
Do you really think there is going to be big change?
Q: What do you put in a toaster?
mississippi labor board?
A crown of what awaits thee?
what is 1% of 9320?
Whats wrong with my Internet Explorer?
who invented straws?
Checkbox in Array !?
Can someone help me rationalize God being good?
What is the perfect definition of nirvana?
Enrique Iglesias vs Ricky Martin?
What is the name given to a monster in Maori mythology?
I need help thinking of songs!!!?
should a couple do it if she is on the rag ?
Can you boil water in the microwave?
list the current cabinet departments and who heads each.?
anser my questions?
don umoren,md?
Whats better Foreplay or sex?
I asked why Japanese have big heads and legs people were offended?
how do you know its true love???
How many people are watching cops on tv right now?
can anyone identify the football team from the crest?
should i be worried?
what are some good ways to write solos on guitar?
Who should I start: Brees or Palmer?
Who here likes the song Smack That?
Ok how do you remain supportive??
Massage Therapy for Disabled?
Who else has an imaginary country?
Whats The Best Name?
what is the first name of george w bush?
what does the word excluded mean.?
should i go on a second date with her?
I'd like to know what?
Please Help! How can I initialize the Internet?
which desktop pc is the fastest?
Where is the best place to get the TEFL qualification?
Romance in your life?
What does the expression "I did a 180" mean?
using the 1st principle differenciate cos2x?
i need ur advice?
Has anyone tried buying prescription drugs from one of these Mexican websites?
Divide this problem?
Question about Robert Frosts: The Road Not Taken?
How do you make friends on myspace?
Which WWE Wrestler is also called the Ratal Snake?
how can i forget  some of my friends whom...?
Why is milk called a complete food?
Was Bush bugged during the 2004 debates?
is theft a felony or misdimenor?
Who is the DNI?
Basketball or Football?
why do snails switch their shells?
Can U Identify This Song??
Are there cilia located in the esophagus?
Why can't we put Blair on trial?
I need to know the story of Aladdin?
Is there such thing as “objective history” ?
how do i connect to cookies?
Where can I get a diagram of a traditional family tree online?
cristiano ronaldo?
ways to add deck an porches to campers?
wolf creek?
how was the old south of kansas like?
Name of song?
How do I deal with being broke and no job?
what's yor favorite band?
whats the point of general music in school?
how to get a new identity?
why shouldn't Bush cross the road? ha ha?
what is the role of the ministry?
what happened to jerry garcia  in 1971?
Has anyone been successful by finding their niche on eBay?
where can i find a place to make my own website free?
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
Who here hates PETA?
does anyone have the instructions for bazuka gel?
100 best sites on internet!?
Can I say hello to you?
Please Help Me with the following Math problem?
career plan?
Greatest 90s QB?
Why Rummsfeld evil man?
how to make the overgrown incisors look good?
What are the beliefs of an Episcopalian?
is there a way to get married on line?
Do you care about Wayne Rooneys foot?
how to run propertly?
how can i work on my lower and upper abs?
what's 10% of $26 billion?
Why should one become a Nazi?
Military Comparsion by countries?
How Can You Meet A Nice Guy?
why people learn knowledge and try to get wisdom?
What is a pointer used in C Program?
which is the most popular yahoo group?
Is chewing tobacco bad for me?
ethical scenarios?
How do I know when my wife has been partying?
how to enroll in us navy?
finding asteroids that have fallen to earth?
How do i link love with sex?
Monique off of dancing wit da stars?!?!?
should i sell my gold stocks now?
Do you think that....?
Can you get a new released movies on VHS ?
What is the fullform of CEO.?
What is "Fecundity"?
do i have a eating problem??
Can forensic psychologist work for the FBI?
Girls, would you give head to a friend ?
anyone have an im name on yahoo answer?
download book?
Do You Despise Steven A. Smith?
immigrants in america? what do you think?
Where is the Bin Laden ?
is beetroot good for you?
definition of toxic families?
is the moon a star?
What are the leadership qualities that attract you  the most?
what are the general properties for the element germanium?
can one have sex with someone with hepatitis?
Who likes texas longhorns?
Where would you like to?
Abstract Algebra problem.?
what kind of butt excersice?
what are some good songs by Hole?
what high school did wayne gretzky attend?
what is the best british soap?
what is your name please?
should i break up with him?
in what country was Comet West discovered in?
whos the deputy prime minister?
Are Juelz and Merlin Santana related?
What do you think about this ?
How to handle an erection problem?
can someone please help me!!?
what some good black clubs?
Horse question for homework?
What is the best office holiday gift for staff?
What is your opinion of this quote?
What song is this in?
do you have or have you ever had any 6th sense abilities?
what have 62% of canadian women done?
Adidas Jose +10 commercials?
self guide for breast examination?
Ballistics !, Bullet question.?
is the government hiding aliens from us?
cloning ..what is cloning?
how many panado does it take to kill someone?
meaning of nontrading firm?
What does "brechtian" mean?
Should the BMI be done away with?
Who knows someone very good and cheapest aupair agency?
The three main factors affecting voting desicions for individuals?
why reservation in technical education field not getting stop?
What happens physically at the moment your body dies?
how old is ur momma?
who is the artist who sings how can i be sure?
How can we fight greed?
what available free downloadable software for editing mp3 songs?
Can marijuana cause Omenn's Syndrome?
whats your fave tom hanks film?
Dirty Dozens?
Why are christians so obsessed with us?
what is your best idea to get rich and financial freedom?
Should Bush be impeached?
presented by quinten tarantino question?
how can i find out what my credit score is?
how i can be thin within on month?
Pythagorean Theorem?
How many stores does Wal-mart has?
explain insurable and non insurable risks?
how far is the andromeda galaxy from the earth?
WHo likes??
Who do you think has better manners democrats or republicans?
What do you know about David Hamilton Jackson?
discuss the limitation of science?
where held 2002 world cup ?
grandchildren at holidays?
How do ocean curents affect the climate of South Florida?
Why/Do/What/When/How/Where?
Do you support capital punishment?
Just a riddle....?
My husband was recently diagnosed with low testosterone.?
What has these 2 queens of England got in common?
What is your favorite sport?
Why don't more people have their pictures up on here?
where is the geographical center of the continental U.S.?
who is the hottest emo boi ever ?
Are Bradd Pitt and Angelina Jolie married???
A normal human has how many bones?
gorls only?
Does anyone feel they were cured from depression permanantly?
do females reach the g.spot during masterbation?
nervous system of a mink?
any 1 know a free download for psp video converter?
is 34 too old to do a degree course at university?
What occurs in wind erosion?
how do youay water in spanish?
i need help QUICK!!?
why did the girl cross the road?
Innopran XL for Migraines?
Who is the only superbowl MVP on the losing team?
how to stop clicking noise on computer when connected?
ways to say goodnight?
when will marijuana be legal?
What does a girl want?
where is the best place to go to build a custom notebook?
What is a difference between car allowence and getting expenses?
What do you think is the greatest you can ever learn?
how do i get rid of my friends questions on here?
what r the parts of IP address ?
will wimax be able to beat 3G?
What is the fastest animal?
Can vertical lines be added to a text document in Microsoft works?
Can you tell me about electronic or electro-industry in general?
Charles!!!!!!!!!?
How do i create my own video clip?
Who is the greatest sport player of all time?
Cancer Cells?
Are you people really enjoying others query?
How many people here believe in fate?
How come you always lose 1 sock in dryer?
i want to do business?
England or Portugal?
can an ex felon be a paralegal?
how do i know i love my boyfriend for 11 months?
what was prudence crandall school call?
i need some good music with a good beat?
Has Any One Ever Met Them?
A really hard riddle.  Cant find it anywhere?
how can i get 5000 dollars in five days?
who is the best form batsman now?
one for the blondes?
Whats the purpose of having your tonsils taken out?
what is the capital of romania?
how to control air pollution in an area?
Michael Richards?
a poemwhy english is so hard?
y grlz go out with ugly guys?
How can you relieve a headache, without medicine?
what is the difference between nuclear family and joint family?
how was life 200 years ago?
Does he like me or not?
Do you truly think President Nixon was a bad man?
Favourite and least favourite medical subjects..?
Was Charlie Chan a nonfictional character?
Is there a place to get free anime?
any cure of varicose veins?
why do females blame males if they sleep together?
serials pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee?
Hilary Clinton for PRESIDENT ?
How do you talk with aliens through your head?
Which office is the Best Office?
Any kind of metal band?
usc defense cordinator?
how does internet security work?
Has There been any court punished for violation of 6th amendment rights?
Is it wrong to be in love with your bestfriend?
can you give me a job?
John Cena Or ReyRey?
should students allowed to use mobile phones at school?
log functions?
How do you spell the familiar form of Vous in French?
how to speak english fast?
What are you all doing tonight?
is rai is a language or just a kind of music ?
how to get on myspace though school computers?
what do you mean by supersonic sound?
what is every sport have in comman?
How can I prevent previous searchs from automatically popping up?
i need a business online?
When is not a question, now is not an answer?
1991 glastron model 1900 dimensional specifications?
what is rapture?
will india be a super power or developed nation at 2020 ?
Can flee's live on humans???
boxing requiremnets?
Is GBD and myself the masters of competitive bantering?
What does push-ups do to your body?
what is a good school to go to to get my diploma?
How Long For USPS?
dentalcare for senior citizens / denture?
is legionaires disease contagious?
Weird Bumps?
gun manufacturer herbert smith in germany?
Whats is your all time favourite Comedy movie..?
why 43 cars in nextel cup race?
kent & Spiegel direct phone?
An Undertaker?
What can I do?
GPS stands for which words?
First man to break 60 seconds for the 100 meters Freestyle?
It Hump Day today, Anyone know why it called this?
Need free sheet music, green day music?
who is your favorite psychologist?
is it bad to put Nair on your face??
Can you tell who viewed your profile on myspace.com?
How to bag an American boyfriend for caring Asian gay guy?
Quick installation of Yahoo email alert on a desktop pc.?
Tell me how to concentrate on studies.?
Is John Bolton the best thing to happen to the UN since?
Alabama Crimson Tide or Auburn?
who is your favorite wrestler?
What age did you start to master*ait?
what happened?
How do pharmaceutical companies come up with those weird drug names?
what variables affect wave speed?
Everyday fruits?
Any advice for someone looking to get into the food industry?
How do microwaves work?
What are you listening to right now?
If you had 100,000 friends?
Because of you~ Nickelback?
gilrs and guys?
Two Algebra questions with quadratics!?
Films portraying Thai nationalism?
how can i have a nirvana in sex?
Anyone know anything about becoming an warrant officer in the army?
How do you fix a letter key that fell of a keyboard?
what is the most expensive shoe on the market?
is it wrong to be a christian?
Can you tell me a good story book?
How often do you manually create a restore point?..?
do u have a bf or a gf?
Why can't we tickle oursellves?
How bad is drinking sodas.?
how do you bypass an administrator pass word?
What is the best CD-R brand?
how fast is the earth spinning?
how do i find a list of new and interesting websites?
So my boyfriends Work christmas party is tonight?
how to built my memory power?
what is the most reliable brand of desktop computer?
Did Russian need visa to Bulgaria?
do spring frogs violate noise ordinances?
I was given the wrong prescription what should I have done?
how would you answer and explain?
how can i meet someone?
is chris brown a virgin???
do you want a friend that is om msn?
was 9/11 a CONSPIRACY?
How do they calculate the amount owed for property taxes?
What is the best experience in easter day?
Hey Need Help With Girls?
Which sites can help me with my soccer skills?
Interview vs. Interrogation?
Suspense/Mystery books for girls my age?
Does any one have a Gmail address?
Why do people call police officers "pigs"??
Do you actually own a pink cowboy hat in real life?
Which country's population has the highest IQ?
Should I have changed my last name when I divorced?
youtube failed?
how can i solve the problem with error 999?
How do price by square foot?
what is the difference between bootp and dhcp?
What is the legal age of an adult in Louisiana?
what ia a scanner?why is it so popular?
What is this movie?
For those into Numerical Analysis...?
Why is sex with more than 1 partner a bad thing?
What is the battle of gog/magog?
lyon , club adoré des français ?
What happens next?
pharmacy book?
What is the greatest sports team of all time?
Does masterbating change your skin skin complexion?
Do you know any interesting way to practice English ( writing) ?
What number rhymes with twenty three?
who's got the x factor.?
who will be the golden boot winner?
What year was Staple Center was built?
agent help pliz?
What happens during a bench warrant?
Company changed hands and I am out of money?
how can I watch american channels on TV in India?
Where is the Annual Soul Stone Picnic in Omaha at?
Does anyone believe Weather modification warfare is currently underway?
Water is the greatest solute in the world.?
should i still continue loving my bf?
Do you really think Angelina Jolie is pregnant?
from where can we get interesting mails ?
how i can serve country?
was kevin garnett adopted?
Who has had their appendix removed?
Is potassium choride healthy?
iwant any site that can explain the analytic dynamics?
Why are sports an institution in American Society.?
Who or What is God?
Whats new in the world?
how volcanoes are formed?
How can we receive and make payments through online Paypal account?
is God religion or...?
what do 2 and 2 equal?
math problems?
Is anyone here the great cornholio?
why cant i see my hi5 profile?
What does FL on a pill mean?
Spencer Davis and Steve Winwood. What band?
How long before lack of sleep finally catches up to you?
Why has my bum got a hole in it?
does mumps cause infertility in both men and women?
What do guys look for in a girl?
what are some ways to maintain your weight loss?
Why blood is thicker than water.?
what is the gravity of the sun?
Is the President serious?
Can I claim job expense for mileage???
Wh yis seismic risk map useful?
1 British pound = how many Rs or Dollar?
how can i make a thousand dollars in two weeks??
what is the most you would ever do for a stranger?
Is Dog The Bounty Hunter in jail still?
how personal account differs from nominal account ?
Do you like india?
How long is the long arm of the law?
Can i join you in your bath?
i found my little bro under bridge.?
when do u think u should ask out someone?
Why are all desert religions so blood thirsty?
Why do creationists say...?
what is the population of jordan?
tryout tips?
what is the defination of imperial power?
who was edgar allan poe???
Upgrading Celeron M to Centrino?
is it more blessed to give rather to receive?
How do you replace the the seals on a dry suit?
Need the name of a song - male singer?
How can I get a replacement high school yearbook from 1975?
Smoking Cause Impotance?
what precentage of high schoolers are having sex?
How long before a new beard stops itching?
did you hear carson palmer came out?
Should MLB expand into Mexico or the Carribean?
why can i not get ino my mail account?
have you ever heard of an air condition shirt?
do you believe?
sperm is produced in the?
Ret.Gen.Charles Swanick Profile?
how fast can you help me?
How many bits in a megabit?
Do you know what black holes are?
For a September wedding what would be some beautiful elegant colors?
Which of these WWE wrestling stables is your favorite?
can friends become lovers?
where on the food chain does the red panda belong?
what punishment can i receive for signature fraud?
what are line segments and angles?
anyone else like to see Spurrier coach Alabama?
How long does it take pond turtle eggs to hatch?
Is Everyone on Yahoo Answers a Teenager?
Who developed the first periodic table?
what are reclcying?
what is plasma?
walking the bride down the aisle .?
Where can I get answer for my homework textbook.?
what to do about a mole growing on my penis?
science fair project. A new way to power the satellites?
why do we need a job in our life?
Is it normal to be extremely fearful of children?
What's your favorite thing about a ?
Jelly Bellys?
OK I'm asking for help?
how do you relieve tension in the shoulders and neck?
What is your favorite college basketball team?
Does god watch us dress?
the 911 event is or no similar with Lusitania event ?
What is the most effective method of masturbation?
Where can I get a free or cheap fixed-gear bicycle?
How can I quickly build up my calf muscles?
how do men last so long in adult movies?
What is immune system?
how can i get a gun?
tell me my horiscope?
Do Girls have better taste buds or do boys?
A Bridge or a inplant ?
What is the scope of biology?
does anyone know when underworld evolution comes out on dvd?
Who can give me Proof?
How can you tell what a girl thinks about you?
where is greenland located?
First correct answer gets 10 points.?
Am I wrong.....?
If you meet a girl on a Saturday?
can tutorial games be installed on your computer without you knowledge?
why do people ask questions with an answer?
How do you think the U.S should handle illegal immigrants?
Anyone wann sit on my lap?
what is the leading state in murder?
where is zadonsk city in russsia?
Fallout ????
how do get a record expunged?
Is blood really blue inside your body?
whats your favorite word?
Why do people want to cut funding to the military?
Is there oil in the moon?  what about in Mars?
where can i get antibiotics over the counter?
My earlier question about topless sunbathing...?
what's the best way to learn how to DJ?
Is it gay if a guy plucks his eyebrows?
what are they?"?
My welcome-screen?
is rice a type of starch?
is danger to the Americans a worry or concern to you?
Send me some funny jokes or video clips, please!?
why did valantine's day had come ?
what are the limitations and liability of an athlete with one organ?
how does anyone get scholarship?
Barry Bonds?
Best ankle holster for Glock 30?
Can you help me gain weight?
how can i spend more time on sex @ natural way ?
Who is Paul Merage?  What does he do now?
Have you joined the Narayana academy in Hyderabad?
why do we judge poeple by the questions they ask?
Does Sidewinder snakes have rattles?
Does any 1 know ???
♥I'm 13...will I still grow?
How do I write an equation for a given wavelength?
i need help with the following question?
what are uses of risdone?
how many people in russia can read in 2005 ?
Why can black people dance so much better than white people?
What exactly is a putukis?
What would an ideal perfect government include?
Can someone describe DNA in simple terms?
i am looking for international faculty for comics?
What are the causes of Leprosy?
i play in 45 drivein in basketball...?
Should the US move toward absolute democracy?
Who are your World Series 2006 picks?
help on Genetics?
how can i download free music without signing up for anything?
Will absentee ballots be destroyed?
want to create a website,  try this,?
Is Kristin on mushrooms?
Open an PDF document by VB or C# Code?
can you lose wieght by drinking vinegar?
How long does it take?
Please help me out....?
what is going on?
What is the normal ammonia range in a healthy adult male?
how are roller coaster made?
Can Bobby Brown come back and sell records?
what is a good new punk rock band?
what nutrients do vegetarians usually lack?
Which element has K as its symbol?
how doi sell insurance?
how do you stop boils appearing on face?
How do you disable temporarily Norton Antivirus?
what is the best friend today?
Open question for all... Regarding break ups.?
define saynete?
Lookin' for a specific saying?
How can buy a queen Innuendo giant poster?
r u a teaser or a pleaser?
straight or gay?
What is your favorite sports team... and why?
whats a point guard?
which country do import towel?
French allies duringWWI?
my husband want a girl friend?
How do you fall asleep?
what is salman pak?
what is the meaning of vegetation?
Help! I lost my remote. Where is it?
if my grandmother falls in her house does she make a noise?
What exactly are J Lo sunglasses?
can someone help ma please??
how to turn left/right on a skateboard?
Who has the most short-handed goals in the NHL?
Do wolves really barf?
At what point can a listing agent agreement be breached?
i need help on an algebra question?
how to be a good instructor?
Algebric Question?
In Superman, what did Lex want Louis to say?
What triggers the physical seasonal change in animals?
what is emran hashmi's id?
Who was it?
is fly the dirtiest insect?
brain teaser!!!?
Why does my Mexican neighbor keep pigeons outside in a cage?
How can we be so happy?
What's effective in treating psoriasis?
Does less price mean less quality?
Do Mexicans like toilet cleaning better than Americans?
what is yahoo spousewatch?
How to cope?
Why arent we upside down?
Can u guyz help me?
Why Oz girls  are appaling and off-putting?
Who and since?
what do you like in a girl?
University, I am confused?
why cant i say it back?
Who watchs LOST?
what the hell happened to QuarkXpress?
Will these illegal immigrants fight for this country?
How can someone so rich be so cruel?
How are messages transfered wit packet switchings?
How can I finally get relief from back pain?
Help me with my site all-fact.com?
Religion brings out the worst in people?
how do you change the yahoo password?
Keanu's first film?
are rabbits consumers?
For the reaction?
English Paper 1 Problem.. Please Help?
Any one knows cool interesting chat nicknames?
Do you want to make 2 grand to 5 grand per week?
Which RB should I start ?
meaning of partisan party or candidate?
After the war on terror?
What is the oxidation state of bromine?
what is solar cells?
which is the best free office suit to download?
how to download best fonts and clip arts for free?
what are the characteristics of a good student?
how can i burn fat around my stomach?
Which WR and RB to start for week 12?
Who else thinks Miami's coming out on next month?
What is the best way to win over a woman?
what is amoxicillin use for?
does anyone know why april fools day is celebrated?
What is the best cell phone company in East Central Illinois?
The Deaf Boxer?
Isn't it??
How many teams try out to make it into the world cup?
A question for Buddhists.?
Why do I drool in my sleep?
who can i contact when a gas pump is rigged?
what is the goals of us foreign policy?
who does ohio state play this weekend?
Why do optomotrists always wear glasses?
What percentage of small businesses fail within the first year?
does anyone know where a good site is to download music?
was hideki tojo a dictator?
What is your idea of the perfect date?
what are differences between forensic science & criminal justice ?
the best free site for f1 live timings?
Find the volume and the total density of the sample?
Tell me about Prostate Problem in Male?
help with math?
Ex-girlfriend Call?
Pain after sex?
Why has India failed in international sports events?
break up therapy........?
hi' yes i am in care (mental health)?
Diff between valve Prolapse vs valve Regurge?
What is the most proud moment of your whole life?
why are some people mean?
what are the useful foods for student to remember?
Anyone has any idea about DISC tests?
how do i open a .torrent file?
What can be done to demolish college dropout?
my xbox 360 is acting funn, can somebody help?
what are lybilities?
Why didn't Kathleen Harris make it in Florida?
How many hairs are on a person's head?
How do you a plan your typical day at work?
Judging Amy??
Urgent help needed?
who can tell me the life cycle of a cockroach?
Who likes Teen Titans?
Do women enjoy extremely direct men?
how do i delete history from the search bar?
What is your favorite biome?
how do you??
how does air bags works?
Anyone study international relations?
What is the penalty for vehicular manslaughter?
do you think illegal immigrants should stay in america?
What are the penalties of driving drunk in Argentina?
If you are a Democrat, please tell me why?
mail uses at an office of a telephone or mobile?
Why is cutting out sugar so hard?
what is brazilian ju jitsu?
Offensive posts?
what to do if someone is having an attack of anxiety?
Who has jurisdiction over trafic laws on interstate highways?
Does red wine boost iron blood count?
Whydoes snowflakes look like little stars?
Why cant mormons realize they are in a cult?
Is there any websites that?
how do you morn the dead?
yankee fans ..?
Jeannie Ortego or Paula DeAnda?
Only for married women?
information about people living in antartica?
Sould I breack up with my boyfriend?
Was it a tick?
how long are the longest fingernails?
who likes or thinks south park is funny?
Who has tried drugs before?
can you by a pistol at the age of 18?
what is the best game website?
what does the term"piss cutter" mean?
What do you do when you are depressed?
what is Google Pack?
how acid taste like?
has your life worked out the way you've envisioned it?
in 1981 about how old was the universe in seconds?
USA Complaints Procedure?
I need free dating website any one can help please?
What kills boring?
what brought the U.S. into World War II?
Jessica Simpson, Britney, or Ashlee Simpson?
I pray for a man  that I don't really know?
Who loves Family Guy? I love it!?
How do I become a loan officer in wisconsin?
what do u know about cutting with water?
What is the definition of a witch?
what year of the chinese zodiac are you?
Is Lucas Grabeel doing a album?
why can we easily tear papers from top to down?
Am I defeating the purpose of oatmeal?
WHY do girls wear lipgloss?
Why thas time go so fast at school?
What's wrong with me?
prefix-bi meaning-two whats the word?
What is the postage for a jumbo postcard?
Who was bluejay's manager last year?
Yahoo or Google ?
heart/lungs?
what is the vision & mission statement of hertz company?
Who would you want...?
where are some great places to go fishing in colorado springs?
A group of mutually supporting theories?
What company uses “contented cows” to make ice cream?
Dejavu:  What do you think it mean?
How do Newlyweds manage their money?
what causes procrastination?
How do i control my oily skin?
What's the thing that make me feel so good?
does America have a really bad educational system?
Predictions for today's Michigan-Ohio State game?
What Are The Top 10 Finishers Of All Time?
what are u gonna do when you  grow up?
care of dentures?
An even EASIER question for some points !!?
Explain fairness in terms of labour relations?
can you have explosions in space?
ways for fixed cost control?
Why do people strive to fit in so much?
Who is the richest person from the following countries?
is it normal to have a senior as a BF?
Which country will America capture after Iran?
Help me please?
anybody know any free burning programs?
What do you think about Tablet PC's?
Dark Spots?
why has "second time around" been canceled?
We are looking for Work in Software and Website development.?
what is the movie Antz rated/???
how do you email Pesident Bush?
Gas or Gallbladder?
why is the sky blue?
whats a good song to download?
I'm trying to live for God are you?
what are the types of introduction in making a writing composition?
am  i  cool?
Isn't it very interesting?
Is there a real estate bubble in San Antonio, Texas?
What Company's offer DSL other than AT&T?
how could i enter BERKLEY?
should Indian Railways should be privatized?
how do saturated fats differ from non-saturated fats?
When were the first stars formed, and what were they like?
if u get west Nile can you be cured?
website shop?
what is going on here ladies?
Is everybody needs to be touch diplomatic or straight forward?
jourdanton city council?
grade 12 physics help..?
The Hunting Dog?
what does the word duestch bag mean?
is this an alcoholic problem or not?
what is obsession?
who are we fighting for?
how do you remove a charge off from a credit report?
i need help with tgis problem?
How can I eliminate tose annoying "net offers."?
Da Vinci Code and the Church. Your comments.?
What do you like in a romance novel?
Book Recommendation for learning Database Design?
where can I find treasure perfume?
see if this makes sense to you?
what song is best to dedicate to a guy?
Who will win the 2008 world cup?
looking for cbrealestate@msm.com?
Do you think I look HOT!!!!?
Taking a Poll, how many people like President Bush?
do you like AFRICANS?
Best in the league?
What is another updated word for "Diva"?
how to make a good drink?
does it hurt to have sex?
who do u think is going to win the world cup.?
Just Asking ... Why ???
A riddle for you?!?
what are some trends in the civil war?
Do you support lowering the US drinking age to 18?
Property Ownership and Corporate Liability?
what are republicans feeling today?
why aren't more intellectually prominent celebrities into conspiracy theories?
how global warming impact polar bear's population?
how to lengthen my penis?
How to treat a Jellyfish Sting topically?
does anyone know what zoobie means???
will you spend your vacation with your family...?
is there wed site for download all the games free?
What is the perfect Christmas gift for a guy?
What is Nitrogen used for?
how does companies deal with workplace conflict? what styles are used?
who is the best oncologist in the world?
what is more important holiday, christmas or easter?
diving harder d.d.?
what is the past tense of the word "forgo" ?
does anyone know of the female pope who got pregnant?
Who is Maxine Schaefer?
does the sun revolve?
How can I have a credit card from Iran?
A little problem....?
Why is Wales the only country in the UK with a prince?
What is the procedure for radiation therapy?
Do you like to read fiction novels?
how many galaxies in existence?
Who said this qoute?
how many species of iguanas are there?
please help my face!!?
how do I make the letters bigger when I print them out?
who wase first president of america?
1920's-50's music...?
Anyone know the technical workings of "Answers"?
my friend needs help?
My boyfriend said that he loves me?
Looking for a old friend...?
steps to download a song?
what is p and s waves?
Bearshare Help?
Are you gonna go my way?
What are the challenges and / or benefits of telephone banking?
My messanger with voice (beta) version 8 cannot connect?
This puzzle has a solution!?
Does anyone know site fro free hindi movie download?
Mental Health / Disability?
on which finger should you wear a mothers ring?
on **** grounds?
will we ever see a 51 state?
What is differential weathering?
At what age can children start taking up of martial arts?
how long did a mummification process take?
Robin Williams Probability?
Is it going to be a nice Easter?
about my period...?
What are the Catholic Churchs views on eloping?
Chicago OffenderSearch?
Im really unsure of my relationship?
Son is a Sloth and has been Abusive?
What do you guys think about Dr.Phil?
is ths voilent?
Self Genital mutilation?
What types of female voices do you find sexy?
for the guys wat attracts u to a girl ???
can england win the world cup?
Was Adolph Hitler a religious man?
where do you see yourself in five years?
110kg's is how much weight?
Is it ok to date someone who is 13 years old?
what database is google using?
When did you know what career you wanted?
Does anybody know about Allergic Rhinitis?
do you think my avatar is cute?
What is the legal age in NYS for babysitting?
what's the longest time you've gone without bathing?
Does monsters really exist? Evidence of it???
which team will win 2006 football world coup ?
Rate my Poem?
what does yahoo call their spiders?
what are the first signs of pregnancy?
what does he mean exactly ?
Salsa Dance of Passion, Romance, Spice?
where can I find table for internal energy of helium online?
Do a lot of Christians feel this way about Pagans?
what kind of job?
whats like myspace?
Are there web sites to get "Mail Order Grooms"?
What did a mammoth foot look like?
can any one help me?
Is navidoxine advisable during pregnency?
If they had a 'day without LEGAL immigrants'?
What should I do?
why do we fart?
i need opinons!!!?
Why do people exceed the speed limit???
Is Israel a burden or asset to the U.S.?
Does the US intend to maintain permanent military bases in Iraq?
Has anyone ever had a sore throat from smoking?
Birth Control Pill Question?
what is a batchelors degree?
shouold i be mad...?
Why do women ruin their bodies with implants?
who was the inventor of the microscope????
How do I install a separate LCD monitor on my laptop?
hoq long do fake nails last?
does strategic planning benefit hotel industry?
Is there software to repair bsod?
Why would I get a violation for saying good night?
is teleportation possible?
Why do i get into a fight everyday at school?
best guitar player of the world?
who like to have fun with me from LA?
What does the T in T-Shirt really mean?
What is the point of money in the bank?
what can you say about the filipino people?
can girls try out for football?
ok help me out?
what is iyot?
Would u ever get married???
Whats the name of the album the song saying?
prayer request !?
where you from?
help.....me plz?
how do I get a top 12 friends on myspace??
Do you get mad, or have you gone mad?
how do you help your knee if it's hurting?
splinter cell freaks?
what is voip?
explain what means radical education?
Will you tell me a joke?
Integrated mba courses afetr 12th.?
am i healthy or average?
say some thing about RFID?
What is pear to pear networking?
How to update my Internet Explorer?
do any one like RAMMSTEIN ?
Who is your favorite character from the simpsons?
what is a good site for palying on line chess?
you have to be Asian to answer this question. thank you?
things on the web?
how many words can u make with....?
who likes fat men?
weekly music trivia?
civil engineering?
whats the capital of madghashkar?
what is the difference between the bible and science?
all for the sake of love!?
Who will win on Sunday?  Cowboys or Giants?
how do i find out about basketball in1 1912?
how does the City Council of El Paso, TX gets paid?
Who else is tired of...?
Christmas present for teenage (13) for great-grandson?
what is an opto-coupler?
Shall i retake?
how can indians doctors get job in Singapore?
Kiss her lips, or touch her breast?
facts about javelen?
how are pearls formed?
why person speak/ to express_or to spit?
Has chaos theory found any useful application in the social sciences?
which is more dangerous a girl or a boy?
Does Italia deserve it?
who  is jackie chan and where from?
How do I erase the history of the seach bar?
Hot bus driver. What to do? A little help !?
How long should you wait to start dating?
Why do we sometimes turn white when frightened?
Is it possible to change my Yahoo! e-mail address?
Can Kerasosis Piloris cause itching?
Im not crazy, but...?
who is the best basketball player in 2006?
Trouble turning on Dell Laptop & Screen goes black?
Would Canada accept the USA as the 11 province?
What is micro Biology?
Does this get on your nerves?
in textile mills ,why is the atmosphere rendered humid?
I need to loose weight?
why dont whites and blacks get along well?
why is my dick so small?
How many Continents are there in the world?
do city colleges?
how credit department work?
Legalise the oldest profession?
do the iran moves the right direction?
Who is my Favorite singer?
differentiate between helicopter and airplane according to their working and characterstic?
Who was the running back for the 75 Broncos?
whats the best way to heal a relationship?
What's worse and Icestorm or a Tornado!?
whats the best speed reading course out there?
Iranians..Tell me the truth?
Is this a correct correlation?
chimpanzee project! please HELp?
War In Iraq: Yes or No?
who is Daryl Thompson, formally of the Green Bay Packrs?
how do you make a buddy list?
need help with these Asap serious answers only?
How do I devolop good people skills?
Anyone ever read/heard anything about this or researched this?
what exactly is jungle fever?
whats stronger that metal?
where can I find kart racing spindles"?
do u think its necesery for sadam to die?
Should tariff tax be put on imported fossil oil ?
Flash player?
Legal Defintion of a Troll please?
What are some of the limitations in standardized testing and research?
What you should and shouldn't do for love?
Dose this boy like me?
military relations between China and Africa?
what movie theatre is closest to northstar mall?
math problem (really hard)?
whats the deal with Scientology?
Who's the top five players in the NBA?
what country is worst ؟?
can anyone compare and contrastcontinental and valley glaciers?
What is this compound called?
Where on the Internet can I find free easy guitar sheet music?
How to clean/restore CD/DVD's?
Does anyone know what this is like?
Please help me with this huge problem!!!!?
how do i get trials for a football club?
What are some facts about cancer?
Did it hurt?
what do you mean by bring something to the table?
Any good ideas for college student "dorm" gifts?
A computer has 256MB RAM. What does this mean?
NBA allstar voting standings?
How come when  cockroach dies, it's upside down?
how long does a period last (pms)?
Is there a market for used toilet paper?
where can i get tickets for the ryder cup?
funny celeb joke....?
How would you describe a waterfall?
dose anyone know how 2?
whos god parents?
what is the life cycle of a program?
What are the physics problems involved with designing a space ship?
i have the code?
who's actually seen elvis in the last week?
i want to know why i love peja?
what is too fat?
expired ibuprofen 3/31/05?
looking for information on what a seamstress does?
How are Congressional district lines drawn?
Dating co-workers type question.?
Help me web developer?
how long  have humans been on earth.?
I see your Avatar, but do I see You?
Hey! Have you seen the one eyed giant?
Syriana: What do you think of the movie??
What happened with Princess Diana Of Whales teaching career?
Mail Order Bride?
Do you eat anything people consider weird?
goodbye everyone?
Why are women attracted to married men in uniform?
How old is too old to go to college?
Smoking ban: prohibition or social engineering?
Please help me???
Thoughts on internet dating?
why is the ocean foamy?
Is there a formula for finding the square root of a number?
The equator line,?
how can i get a healthier lifestyle?
Why are there so many religious people here?
what happens when someone starts a fight and u are icluded?
What rate should I overclock my Pentium 920?
for u whats your  target or dream in life?
Which countries allow citizenship by naturalisation? Dual citizenship?
what are some natural health tips for lung cancer?
senior discounts for ski resort tickets?
Website Ownership?
What is the eastern most state in the USA?
i lost my back button on tool bar where did it go?
finding the center?
who would win ???
what sport you thing is better football or baseball?
what is the biggest / largest capital capital city the world?
what is the name of the first spread sheet program?
What is Green House effect?
Did islam ruin Mike Tyson?
An intriguing question about religion?
is there a secured trust bank in amsterdam?
review harley sportster 883?
Which nation will be the surprise package of this world cup?
what can i do to speak a fluent english.?
dolphins environment?
how old is james arness?
what shoud i wear on a first date?
some prayers?
how do you make your abs flat in 2 weeks?
am i evil?
where can i find a layout for myspace with volleyball?
Another woeful riddle? Perhaps you can answer?
Do you need to be the most important to him/her?
who or whom-Grammar?
i want to know about UV sensitive colors?
Why and when do teams cut their basketball nets?
2 electrical currents merging into one.?
will there be a game five for new jersey?
What is your favorite anti George W. Bush bumper sticker?
what do you think is the best thing in the world?
how many people own a cell phone?
importance of working with iep?
What is the best open source content management system?
How specific must a "terroristic threat" be?
What is your opinion on the death of Kurt Cobain?
do i have enough symptoms of diabeties to be worried?
allergic to peanuts?
Does anyone know Ugoole on ebay?
How to tell you parents?
what was the plate tectonic revolution?
how do i multiply double figures?
looking for inkjet printer compatible with windows 95?
What is The String Theory and the Unified Theory in simple terms?
I'm just hearing about Gerald Levert dying?
how can i make some extra x-mas money?
do u know any others?
where can i see the spurs homes online?
what is covered under the army no contact order?
Why are there different entrance fees for Indians and others?
Why are there Hot spots on your body?
is Euthanasia legal in England???
Name for school magazine?
Torrent help!!?
What do you think of this body piercings?
My coworkers dont want to work with me?
what do the divisions in la marathon mean?
Ejay Crack?
What do you think?
How do you make catnip look like weed?
who sang looking for love in all the wrong places?
find waterfalls?
Is this FUNNY? :P?
whats the lcd for 8 and 3?
why do size matter?
wat is love?
how do you fin out if a person real in another country?
can you solve this?
what are websites provides information about information system "IS"?
Whats the last thing you..slurped?
Is it is true that we love the soccer players also ?
Thessalonians 4?
How do I put the spark back in my marriage?
Should Bill Gates buy and rebuild New Orleans?
does anyone know whats wrong with me?
He is very shy:(?
When you are in an interview and the person asks?
what is sap. meaning of sap?
Why do some people grind their teeth when they sleep?
Will Kathrine Harris win the senate election in Florida?
foggy eyes!?
why jesus teaches about the holy spirit?
Where are the best interest rates on CDs?
What will it take...?
Do you like to make up your own words?
Parkinson's Disease ?
Jessica simpson and ashley simpson?
y cant i find a GOOD boyfriend?
What are the true goals of the liberals?
what are the numbers that appear under details on a bank statement?
Did you thank your God this morning why or why not?
Help with a GUI for a simple C++ program?
or the website adress?
What are Natural Resources?
How come they wont let you say what you want to?
Is there time limit on civil suit to file?
What is a good, legit, medial transcription course?
What is your phobia?
Special effects?
What is the best medication to fight Multiple Sclerosis?
What are the steps to becoming a certified Math teacher?
what does your religion say about backbiting(gossip)?
what is a average banana's weight?
how do i kick out my ex?
how are signals injected into the frequency of a power line?
Aynyone here see the will farell movie?
what is a pinch hitter?
who knows TAMARA SMITH?
George W. Bush: any opinions?
Do you no what it is?
math help in algebra 2?
How important is a man's height to women?
Has anyone ever wondered this?
who is your favorite male and female wrestler on wwe?
Why are people offended by profanity?
Why is America leaning so far to the political right?
Discuss the characteristics of information needed by different managerial levels?
does anyone know where to get fish tycoon without trial?
Guys, need help?
Mac OS 10.4 Fresh install theme?
Do you believe in God?
How many borns in a human body?
does any1 have any filming tips for sword fighting?
Christians are called by what four names in the bible ?
what perecentage of american citizens vote?
information on imperial russia it could be anything?
What data broker can i find detailed cell phone history from?
Will people buy my bracelets?
Bring back death penalty! Why not?
What is the best diet to build muscle?
How many of you are weird and proud of it?
Do you care if you look like crap in public?
Vista realesed when?
What insanity defense test does Illinois use?
How do Americans visualize a typical Australian?
What are the effects of taking immunity boasters?
What is going on?
How can he deal with his feelings better?
Are you pro-life or pro-choice?
bibliography of san miguel beer corporation?
need an answer on a question about society and sex?
Sense of live?
how do you stop yellow discharge?
Do you know a person named Aurora Borealis?
Why do...?
re-baptize?
How does a propane refridgerator work?
how do i meet someone famous like pretty ricky?
What does Dites Moi mean, in english?
Is girls are heavy for the boys who earns small amount?
why is there a roomer going around about me?
Ohio state vs Michigan  again?
Do you believe in miracles?
I need help networking 2 wired computers and 2 wireless computers?
who is this girl I hear  Reuben Studdard dating?
What words scare you in a relationship?
Why can't farts smell good?
how do we stop terrorism?
Civil Religion?  Any thoughts?
How can you find a needle in a heystack?
who should i start on week 12 fantasy football?
what were the laws under the taliban?
for what reason the sea water does not capture the world?
What are some good songs with the theme of maturity?
To all Fruits Basket Fans out there!?
where is the best return of interest on savings?
How was the best president of the US ever? and why?
How do you obtain music rights for use in your film?
who is "nosratfatehalikhan" ?
what do u think about the online preves on dateline?
how can i see more in the enviroment?
would a girl trust on line dating?
Why is Satan so damn sexy??
Who would be your "One Night" dream Diva?
I have a really bad headache, what can I do?
Registry Optimizer's Event Log?
can anyone send me gnr mp3s?
list of theories in physics?
angular acceleration problem?
Top Chef  - who were the judges in Season 1?
best agp card for under £75?
whats the  reason?
ok i need to learn some new tricks?
is ithis odd?
Middle-class male representations within the media?
Finding a laptop?
Who is the greatest tennis player?
Weird question...?
Use the vertical line test...?
Should English be required to get a CDL license ?
Have you ever shot a man just to watch him die?
how does a super charger work?
Is Bitdefender better or Nod32 antivirus?
how i can format my ipod?
Why is America the only Country worth living in???
how do you know that a person has ance?
what is a loose,flowing garment?
Why a guy WON'T have sex with you?
What day is ♥it♥....?
How do I get ABs?
Why does the temperature drop when daybreak occurs?
How can I hack into my bf email account?
what is the ideal diet to reduce weight?
why caste system still in india?
I need help choosing a song for little kids!!!?
where can i find mark martin baseball like jerseys?
One of my friends has stolen my best friend.?
Does anyone know the Mandarin word for "gift?"?
Bad girl good girl im confused?
How does a hydrodrogen bomb detonates?
how does the draft work?
how could I find who blocked me?
So whos going to the answers party??
do guys have best friends?
list of microfinance organizations in canada?
What is Chicago Bears coach Lovie Smith's real name?
Which country has a legal system based on the Dutch legal system?
My computer just went small font for some reason?
Age difference?
Who is your favorite Nascar driver?
Where are some good places to hang out in New York City?
can any one tell me how to lose weight?
I have an extremely annoying man that I work with?
which smells worse a fart or a rotten egg?
What is cystic fibrosis?
What would be my best asset?
Who is the hottest woman in music business today?
Do white people owe black people anything?
Do England need more Heart to win the World Cup?
information on the early childcare supplement?
please help me?
gas leaking from a hanging tube.?
virus on my PC?
Do u know the war in Newzealand ?
how many meters are in a square meter?
What is the meaning of the last name Blankenship?
Why did the US government start the anchor baby program?
What is wrong with me??
Do Conservatives respection the opinion of Kissinger?
Can a foreigner continue their studies in another country?
David Beckham?
wouldn't it be cool?
What abilities should a good baseball player have?
why does my clock reset when the power goes out?
what is the operation for a prolapsed disc?
wich team will win uefa cup in 2006?
what is the alcohol used to make thermometer?
how cold is it one the planet pluto?
Do dormant yahoo mail accounts get deleted?
What can i do since i am really bored?
where online will i learn to type faster ?
Explain the formation of a rainbow.?
what is your favorite kind of shoes???
Not a question of race.....?
how do you ask a girl out?
Netzero Highspeed internet??????
where is soccer most popular?
Why doesn't population grow back exponentially>?
how do you make little hearts?
What is considered the first educational law in the United States?
Impeach Bush?
Does anyone know what it takes to qualify for food stamps?
what is a c-note?
Which is the best cost of living calculator?
What does the NFL symbol mean?
i need your opinion, please help me?
Fave band ??
how do i know im a pretty girl????
Am i in a faithful relationship?
Should the Da Vinci Code - Movie be  Banned??
What affects your height?
why can't you smell when you have a cold?
How long did they hold a monopoly on Mexican politics?
Can you see the Northen Lights from the North Pole?
how do i set up for e-learning?
How can a get a work to USA and United Kingdom?
How can I change my AIM preferences?
Who has been on TV?
what is the best diet out there.?
what is venus butterfly?
what's the diameter of earth?
which continent  do you think the world cup will go to?
I  am  fed  up  of  my  family  what  should  i do?
What does the letters CSR stand for in an office setting?
how many people get divorce in a day in this world ?
what does the word cadmea mean?
how  to find the dimension of a rectangle?
What jobs are you qualified for with an associates degree.?
The “sick man of Europe” was a term applied to?
what is the only country to host the world cup twice?
what can i do to make my vagina tight ?
When can i get job?
What is the sign of S for water evaporating?
endoplasmic reticulum?
What is the average weight of a 13 year old girl?
is fluorine more reactive than aluminium?
is good idea be vegetarian?
A question about a 25-year-old boy?
how much do i love her?
How do I locate an ex marine with out SS#?
Who knows how to get a six pack?
looking for Avas web. for Antivairos?
Anybody seen Nacho Libre?
To overachievers with anxiety disorders...?
When Does a Girl Become a Girlfriend?
what part of the blood initiates clotting?
what has Bush done to IMPROVE this country?
Why must someone always die in disney movies??
Name 5 words that ryme with Orange?
what is I -56 +124=?
Does Dynno stand for dinasour?
any ideas on how to best promote a new pop artist?
What does MILF stand for?
Are tattoos a sin?
anyone want an email buddy?
Any citizens or legal immigrants as elated as I am today?
Do orthotics just train your feet to be stupid?
How will Australia fare against Brasil in their pool game?
Do u like sports?
Tongue piercing?
Do French people think British accents are sexy...?
Can you really be fat and happy?
which minority in US is the most successful one?
What are the best sites on Real Estate?
What does "Follow-up news" mean?
how will you know when will the right girl come?
what is  a oragism ?
What is the farthest hit homerun to date?
How many columns are there in an Excel Worksheet?
A rubbish question?
why the men love the sex?
who is the latest noble prize winner in physics?
In Eastenders, why is Dot in a wheelchair?
moral theories in the film matrix?
we should have video survelience in all public places?
Why is there a lack of civility on these online forums?
telemarketing cals?
What should my speech topic be about?!?
Do any one know a good wedding cake recipe?
Why are police officers using tasers on citizens?
What's the difference between Architecture and Civil engineering?
Where's Osama bin Laden?
I had a dream last night?
Does anyone think the season finale of House could have been better?
Why will my printer not take the paper?
How do positively and negatively atoms form an electrical attraction?
Does Anyone know the Words to Rompe by Daddy Yankee?
What is difference between belt wax and iron wax for skis?
Is Yahoo msg not working today?
screename plz?
how to flirt?
what causes ocean currents?
should i try a threesome with my wife?
Why do people stalk others?
What is zero divided by Zero?
What is a good website for dolphins? important?
Who's the greatest fighter?
tele-family time!!!?
how to obtain a birth certificate?
The Great Gatsby?
how many of you lot out there are american?
How teams qualify for the FIFA world cup?
Can any one suggest good free network monitoring tool?
How good of an actor is Carrie-Anne Moss?
What do you give a guy for a anniversary?
I am an employee in IT Companies, what is my goal ?
who was the first and only female Prime Minister of the UK ?
can a teenage girls voice change?
when was the first kiss ever given in human history?
Police brutality statistics for the last 5 years?
do u like wrestling?
Can a gay person lose their virginity????
does any one play High School Football? and were?
what does adverse action mean?
I have a problem?
Spelling Issues?
why are Australian Family Farms on the decline?
How big is the universe?
What do you feel is the greatest gift God gave to mankind?
Viagra Question.  Have you heard about this??
How do i find life after love. can i love again?
Any suggestions for slowing my body's deterioration?
What is a non drug remedy for panic attacks?
Why haven't we been warned about this?
what is occupationa physical activity?
What is the stupidest movie ever made in Hollywood/Bollywood?
Where, exactly, is Waldo?
"Fall Into Sleep" by Mudvayne?
Canadian Shield?
where was marcus vick drafted?
what is the citibank retail routing number?
Shakspearean Literature?
What causes ADD or ADHD?
i like this guy...?
What is the most venomous scorpion in the world?
What is the function of black newspapers today?
so whats your excuse for being in on memorial day weekend?
whats the verb form of vital.?
why do we hic up?
How can I learn to express myself better?
This cost 13 cents in 1897?
what is the population in californa in 1995?
whats the best set of golf clubs for women?
any home remedies for yeast infections in pregnancy?
How can people tell if we are single?
new eminem?
Is it possible to have twins with different fathers?
Is religion really a waste of time?
Are peanuts a healthy snack food?
Why are baseball fields different sizes in professional baseball?
can anyone tell me some offensive slangs?
verbal communication skills ??
Can democracy and Zionism ever be reconciled ?
Access the Local Drive to Access Dennie or format?
pete wentz questions?
i want to know the capacity of plastic injection machine?
Would you have epidurals in your back?
who saved little red riding hood from the wicked wolf?
what is zero point energy?
the procedure of concrete crushing test?
Allusions to literary works in modern day times?
How is technology being used in education?
Are We Living in Wicked Times?
If the Liberals love the country, answer 2 questions please?
Is Jiminy Cricket a potato bug?
I'm stuck on the last question..?
Will you ask a question already?
does anyone know who "taking back sunday" is?
What kind of training does the US military have?
This is a poem,i want your opinion on it!?
Do you have pain  in your breasts with breast cancer?
What is the medical sign for "rest and relaxation?"?
Whens the new series of Hustle start?
latest trends in travelling wave tube amplifiers?
Who was the first man to win Tour De France 5 times?
who sang the dusty rhodes theme song?
Who likes me!?
How can I get through life?
What is Monica Lewinsky up to these days?
what is community health nursing?
What would you men like to know about women?
Energy question?
how can I remember stuff? I am a mature student.?
Why paint a room?
Cypress Hill question?
Where can I get a free copy of the Holy Bible?
What is your favorite movie?
ALL GUYS ages 16-22?
TradeMarks and Domain Names.?
So which is it?
Suggest a quote for our Group T-Shirt?
How would you lose all your friends?
Do all plants breathe out the same amount of water?
what is math?
the German leader who headed the Nazi party was?
Hey sexy, what are you wearing? lol?
How  do I solve this equation by completing the square?
Do women like the taste of sperm?
What do i do?
That nasty smell is hanging over the city and?
should male pows be strip searched by female guards?
Display is blurred...?
anyone know how to download music to a PSP?
what is the empirical definition of neutral?
How do you clean hair brushes?
Have you felt like this?
What sites have the best, share/free music downloads?
How can I meet Indian bisexual women in Chicago?
What is the best way to win over these soccer playing countries?
will thierry henry leave?
what would the world be like without the bush presidents?
tell me something about nolyn fishing line?
wheres Botany bay?is it in Scandinavia?
I think my friend likes my internet b/f?
What's with the Senators from Mass.?
Name the top 10 boxers that are currently active?
Does America need illegal aliens?
Do iTunes or other pay music sites have any kind of backup?
How to help a friend when she is like this?
what is aolservicehost.exe?
Why All hindu Gods were born in india only ?
Superman and Clark Kent? Is there a difference between the two?
need retail software?
difference between the statements.?
How can water erosion uncover fossils?
plain water or fruit juice ?
QB help this week?
Are the Madden NFL games popular in Europe?
What state gives the fastest divorce?
Stuck between friend and boyfriend... help!??
How can i woo my girl?
Whats this i hear about Georgie Bushes bro?
How do you make sales staff become hungry for sales?
Has Fields of Omagh ever run in the Melbourne Cup?
Has anyone here ever searched for an extra marritial affair?
what is the anatomy of a night snake ?
What did BMI pop record awards look like in 1968?
has anyone taken Promazine?
better leadership make the world less poverty?
26 yrs girl .?
peeing outside in front of people?
What is your idea of the perfect first date?
what is eath's surface?
What are Calcium Aluminates used for?
How do I get started in writing a research project abstract?
why people dont think of others?
What is the name of the president elect of Bolivia?
what can a man do to please there woman?
can it be okay to just recognize differences...?
Internet Explorer Help!?
Can Autism cause poverty?
what causes constipation?
Should I stay and be celibate or move on?
total score india(today)?
does any one know a women's rugby club?
Illegal forward pass ??
top ten engineering colleges in andhra pradesh?
Does anyone on here use spell check when asking a question?
Has anyone here ever gotten into a lame chatroom war ?
How to become a certified motivational speaker?
Where can I purchase Red Hat Society Products online?
What is cells in multicellular organisms?
Is it true?
where can i get English video songs??
can arsenal win the  champions leg with berca??
If someone legally changes their name...?
Red spots! Help please!?
How can I sleep in longer?
Is a building Inspector a good field to get into?
How do I build a dome that is made out of segments?
How long is it ok to take birth control?
How cane one deal with emotions in decision making?
what do men wants from women?
if it makes you happy?
What is the fastest way to get flowers sent to Alaska?
I have a illness dealing with the stomach have any suggestions?
What is the basic gears in snowboarding?
the role of aspirin as antiplatelet?
Italy v Czech Rep - first player to score?
whats cubasis vst 4?
Who invented the question mark???
What does it mean by leadership in this quote?
why can i get e-mail but not send any out?
Question for Ohioans?
What do mosquitos use the blood for?
how to delete search history?
how to choose....?
whats the best and cheapest internet plan?
waching tv online??
should nasa even be searching for extraterrestrial life?
Has anyone read the book "Hunger in  America?
who was first super bowl MVP on a losing team?
? for the ladies......bout size?
Pregnancy Tests?
Shoutcast Broadcasting?
how can i find the value of an item i own?
what kind of super power do u wish u had?
where did u go?
Are there any celebrities taking antidepressants?
Have u seen the Movies of Harry Porter(all 4)?
Do you have any advice for college visits?
I hate my bloody job...?
JEALOSY problem?
Clubs/groups/classes/activities/sports?
What would you do if a stranger...?
Who do you think is da bess contemporary entertainer?
Top ten causes of adolescent deaths in USA??
Why is Chris McCowan being charged for murder?
Why do people get so touchy on the subject of religion?
why is helena being sued on l word?
Where does nuclear fusion occur in the sun??
who is a yahoo person here?
Genset working principles?
Differnce between Soccer and football(not American)?
Why do they talk about global warming like it's proven?
Is drug advertising too aggressive?
tomorrow may rain so.....?
How can I concentrate when I read?
Any good books, websites, or materials on Real Estate Investment?
why are most songs about love instead of work?
why do women dont like man that treat them like dirt ?
What is the difference between irony and sarcasm?
who sings, " Laffy taffy" ?
What is your favorite ski resort?
Looking for 10speed smallest riding bicycle in USA.?
Do you think of Tom off Myspace as your idol?
Does anyone know a cheap way to clean sterling silver?
Ambition to be a SINGER.  How??
What are the two things you can never have for breakfast ?
Web designind?
Why do four-day work weeks suck?
Saints and Christians?
Why are people so stupid?
How often do you have sex with a long term partner?
What was your favorite band in the following years...?
what it do yall people?
how to do foundation design?
When there was nothing, where did the light come from?
Do you remember TV shows you loved but got canceled?
top 10 songs today, give me songs for teens?
How do you feel about panhandlers?
what is Better PC or Mac?
What is the population of New Jersey?
still hungry?
Does anyone have an idea....?
how can i be rich?
how can i last longer in the bedroom?
Why is a man's smell so alluring?
How to change my accent????
where is the g-spot on girls?
How long should you pump your nipples?
So Much To Learn?
what online scams almost sounded real?
do you believe in freedom of speech?
Will running on an incline help burn more fat?
Learn chinese in 5min?
What is sickle cell?
MS Excel File Size?
how old is earth?
difine value?
why won't my computer download?
warrant for removal help?
my friends tell everyone!?
answer this?
will large cap stocks continue to rise throughout 2006?
Selecting a motherboard and processor for a new PC?
Is 3 pm too early to take Valium pills?
how to levitate?
i need help deciding what college i should go to?
actress kym wilde?
If you could have/ do any job what would it be?
can martial arts realy make girls beat men ?
guys only!!?
Does anybody know?
How do you think the Colts will do this year without James?
Stock market investing?
Reality diet .....Info?
does any one like georgia football?
how do i find current address for deadbeat dad?
what's the name of this show/sitcom?
Who is your biggest influence?
Is running bad for physique?
What is Boomer Esiason's real first name?
how to take time out from studies?
Question?! Please help!?
why does windows XP only boot in safe mode?
geometry help.?
How do i be single after a 3 year relationship?
what is mean by semiconductor?
how do you pronounce Panthalassa?
Children's Clothing Store?
Who will win the Super Bowl?
how do u slim your face?
maths ques. tres easy.?
how can i get a guy to like me?
What can I do with RSS on my blog?
Help Needed!?
Toe Help...?
Anyone want to have Language Exchange?
poll for canadians only?
which road walking races did john pentland win?
Who will win premiereship next season and why?
tell me a famous line off shaun of the dead?
Why are Christians Against Nudity?
Don't you wish you can make everone happy?
is it worth to study MBBS in China?
So I have free will...?
what is axniety?
how do you prepare for a hurricane?
anyone out they who knows how to help?
who killed malcolm x?
Is there any drug that is effective for Tinnitus?
paint application.java?
Trig question?
Why is the white house called the white house?
Does weight training increase visibility of veins?
What does B.O.A. kit mean?
do all object fall at the same rate?
tackle needed for fresh water fishing?
Anyone tried the 'Atkins Diet'?
How come some things burn and some things melt?
Branded goods?
what alycyclic compounds means? what are they?
how can i get people to email me like yall?
I have a serious condition... Please help!?
Constip[ated?
where can I get yahoo browser?
Do you think children have a preference for one parent over another?
where can i find a good cheap site for laptops?
Are you part of the brotherhood of evil?
what kind of foods are high in carbs and fat?
Converting Calories?
where do i find uggs snow boots?
why are we using debt as money?
"how can a mortal destroy a spirit being"?
computer use and management class in college?
How do you get the most out of life?
Questionss again about this song title !! T_T?
What are kegel balls?
Why do women treat the good guys as a consolation prize?
does synchronized swimming sound loserific to every one?
how do you disable AVG antivirus?
im obsessed to spandex?
Who Dis-honoured islam?
sodium bisulfate is ionic compound or molecular compound?
why do perverts bother?
what is the best way to relax/get rid of stress?
how do i play pool its confusing?
How  does a woman view a mid aged man who never married?
Who has control?
is the weekend always exciting?
which team is gonna win UCLA VS LSU?
how old do you need to be to play airsoft?
Help with Morpheus?
Do you love rollerblading as much as I do?
What is Americas' purpose in the War in Iraq?
Why is it bad to end a sentence with a preposition?
Balls dropped?
what is accounting convention?
Can I install Windows on my Apple machine which runs on Mac?
Will Arsenal go  all the way in the Champions league this season?
How can I help my partner who suffers from extreme anxiety?
Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan... who makes better movies?
Whats the best way to make your gf happy?
new telecom company in UAE?
What's the best place to exercise?
waht is a credit card generator?
Iran Turkey Israel  future allies??
Lyrics To Flyleaf's "Tina"?
How should I clean my old coins without destroying their value?
Are there African people in Albania?
is reba Mcentire a  member of Scientology ?
Any reasons not to use bad words?
want to report smuggling?
what is the body of a honda car made of?
Need steps when conducting a hypothesis test.?
what do i feed a living chrismas tree?
what is the smallest calibration of a gram ?
Guys - question about a statement made?
is my avartar hot?
What should I do with 6.5 Million dollars?
free anti virus checker?
Are you single, involved, or married?
hp with web cam how do i start it?
will this really work?
what are the predictions for the miami hurricanes next year?
Who's on first?
if she commits suicide, am i liable?
Guys, do you ever still watch disney movies?
Can somone tell me about matter?
why men like to be hugged during orgasm?
Why do people put plasticforks in someones yard?
why does some people seems so perfect?
Gift card balances?
What role does humility play in your religion?
what is a word meaning long dry spell?
Why can't girls always make the first move???
How can I apply for a teaching post in UK?
where can i find a good free adware removal program?
how many hospitals are in tomsk,russia?
what are some good books for beginner readers?
Is moo on a stick?
Do you believe in Creationism or Evolution?
say some funny poems in english?
questions on 'Odious Debt'...?
How do you make a lightbulb?
what is the main difference between being good and best?
Palestine & Israel?
Why aren't illegals marching in their?
What is your biggest Accomplishment?
What do you think the greatest revolutionary ever?
at what age and how did you find your clitoris?
Can you be legally served if you never physically got handed papers?
How much money do you think professional swimmers make?
needing a site to see what cattle is going for?
Need love advice plz?
Explain how to simlify fractions?
How do i get over my fear of swimming in open water?
Home Purchase?
What happen to boybands?
What have we learned about sub particles?
what is a diagnostic criteria for epilespsy?
does egg yellow have bad cholestoral?
dose any one here know of a good website?
What is your favorite fast food menu item?
joke with adult material   u18s ask permission?
How many left handed people in this world?
What is your favorite blog?
Suprise team of the World Cup so far??
Where do you usually feel pain when you have a tension headache?
Have you joined a gym?
What degree will help me the most in starting my own business?
Question to Scientologists regarding Tom Cruise's marriages?
do u no wat VLSI stand 4?
Can we live forever?
How can i get a new password from e Bay?
Is it better getting a condo or a house?
How to create a new web site?
Does there have to be a point to life?
anyone have any cool names for my private investigator business?
Is it illegal to download music using limewire in Canada?
5 clues for you?
what do butterflys taste like ?
Does anyone but me believe that we are living in Revelations?
what happened to Brock Lesnar?
why is an exponent of zero equal one?
mouth bleeds while sleeping why?
what is 12x40?
what is jatin?
What is the value of e in mathematics?
Why does WinXP installation get stuck?
urgent! please!?
iam having problem with my chums.?
Countercurrent Exchange (biology)?
is kayla a boys name?
where can I find NCLEX   Nursing practice sites?
Are homosexuality and pedophilia linked?
how do you renew your ip address?
How do i take the auto complete off my computer?
Advice please?
Are you an atheist?
What causes an itch, out of no where?
Please tell what language is spoken in Philippine?
does the motorcycler racer nicky hayden has a girlfriend?
what do u think about iran nuclear technologo?
Why do liberal Americans and liberal Muslims oppose the war in Iraq?
What is the best way to eliminate snoring?
who got out at last minute from world cup?
what are some indigenous cultures?
is it time to let go ?
how can soccer be like a religion in Brazil?
anime or disney cartoons?
which town has the most women with the bigget breasts?
what do u mean by corporate governance in banks?
Does anyone know if headaches are caused by tumors?
i need job in london?
Should I update to Firefox 2?
Where in italy is Calabria?
Who will win the National League East?
why do womens feet and butt get cold at night?
When do 2006 Iowa hawkeye football tickets go on sale?
how fast must u go in order to break the sound barrier?
why is my text blurry in photoshop?
how soap internet protocol works?
what condition does andy milonakis have?
what is a police charge of, unlawful delivery of cds?
what should i do?
19, i look 16, how do i look older?
where do kodavas come from? their orgin?
who was the 32nd president?
How does a person report companies who hire illegal imigrants?
what can i do to stop cutting?
how do i stop slicing my shot during driving?
how i can know im in love?
What is your favourite Eagles Song?
white house spokeperson VS state department spokeperson?
windows me help?
health probs from monsters in the long run?
Where do all the fine men  hang out in Houston TX?
what are some good bands or  songs to listen to?
Bengals....Are we coming back?
Should the media allow some swear words?
name a movie where the villain wins?
what is a chickenhead?
Can you tell me the name of this movie?
What is the size of the average penis?
Is NCIS going to come back on another season?
Women only?
filing a complaint with a labor board?
magic mushrooms liberated me... and you?
Common sense on illegal immigration?
What are some major possible trades?
What is TITAN'S gravitational pull?
Can someone tell me where this IP originates?
Where is the science in the Christian Science Monitor?
Do men really want their women to be Bi?
whatever happened to Vanessa Parodis?
who thinks mexico has a chance in the world cup?
question for jews?
what makes your hair thick and healthy?
What is my problem?
what are the events for the month of june?
Which is the most romantic starsign??
Video/Photo?
rash help me.?
feeling faint what would be the reason?
what have 62% of canadian women done?
Is this an actual government site, or a spoof?
Hey Yahoo, When can we get an NCAA Football category?
Is Adrien Brody Jewish?
Help please?
I have fat obliques, how do I lose them?
How can I get rid of a stuffy nose?
John jeffreys Bangor?
Do you find watching golf on TV Interesting or Boring?
Why men develop tummy after marriage ?
What is the longest fruit in the world?
how many sports do you play during one school year?
Do you like Netflix?
whats the best way to fight a cold?
Will Hearts survive?
Little itty bity spots?
Bush supporters : Is this a civil war in Iraq ?
Does anyone have experience of friends or family having liver cancer?
Do you think ciara can sing?
How many feet are in 40 yards?
What are level 2 sanctions for someone on parole in Texas?
how much does it hurt to get your wisdom teeth removed?
Nascar Manufacturers?
Is Bush not as bad as Nixon, or is he worse?
why is my four year old grandsons private swelling?
Why do our eyes tend to stare at an object?
Why i love with a married man?(continuous)?
college board.. i want to send my scoress?
what is Japan's gov. type?
is a 5:00 pm on Saturday wedding considered formal?
What traits or characteristics do you believe makes a good  political leader?
Anyone want to play fantasy football ?
what special problems does hydroelectricity have?
is iraq bound for its own self-destruction?
how many mg of calcium does a child need daily?
Friend kissed me! HELP!?
do you think that triple h has a girlfriend?
Which the way to get full control over your life?
Possible infection?
What is the effect of animal bone is put in the dirt?
how can a girl make sure that she is virgin?
I have been having a terrible day...?
Iranians(persians)?
are you happy we only have two days of school?
why do we need legislation and policies?
how can I get my discovercard account to come up?
How can I find my best friend?
what happened in world war II during 1944?
Have any of you seen "the Night Watch"?
i can not goto myspace.com how come?
If our body temperature is normally 98.6 degrees,?
What technologies in Star Trek do you think could eventually be developed?
what are the results of the USA. womans hockey team?
Interracial Relationships. Help, Please.?
the name of a bird that sees blue?
hockey songs?
how can i create 150gb fat32 partition?
What is asian literature?
how to cure skin pigmentation?
how can you get strep throat?
Do men choose their women based on their mother??
How long can a person go without food without serious consequences?
How much money does it take to retire?
Which countries play cricket?
What is the danger of false prophets ?
what does roquefort le pont means?
What is more important: A good reputation or your GPA?
Is ranger secrets.com a real website?
Real Estate Property in Canada?
What molecules serves to interact with the world around us?
What could I be?
college computer novice classes?
i'm Irish so nobody take an  offence?
can I take a hot tub before ultrasound test?
Is there any compatibility problem between software packages on FreeBSD?
How to avoid form submit when 'return' key is pressed?
What are some interesting French speaking countries?
answer my Riddle?
2 yr nursing degree?
How do you get a submarine into the water?
what is gswin32c.exe?
what time of day is bcs rankings released ?
Were dragons real living along time ago before mankind?
Do you know anything about the Alberta Social Credit Party?
where can i find out everything about memphis in may?
define the word Nie wieder?
What causing me to wake up from a deep sleep choking?
what are the starting salaries and benefits for a police officer?
why did USA occupy Iraq?
For what purpose you purchased PC?
why should teenages start driving at a young age?
What do ladies prefer?
What video format are DVD's in?
Do you believe in Soccer Santa Claus?
Trying to remember a movie.?
the true story of wolf creek?
Does a woman in her late 30 lose her libido?
census points?
tips to last long in sex?
What are the necessary requirements needed to open up a food franchise?
i need the naruto EPISODE?
What state was Rep. Randall "Duke" Cunningham from?
How should I prove to her that I really love her?
What is wrong with me?
Can you please help me with translating this into German?
why cant allah/god appear on tv?
can you please summarize this?
do u bowl ?
Who (currently) has the strongest arm the NFL?
Rosacea? Success stories, please?
does salt of dead sea can lessen my pimples?
how can you get your parents into buying you something?
what does a dragonfly represent?
Do you think that Barry Bonds has used Steroids?
Mysterious Riddle?
Which is the best american band in the present time?
little help, please?
Jesus Christ?
Question about My Network Places??
lne^3 - lne^2=x?
how do ou talk to a girl?
do u feel Australians shoud apologise?
when will i be Rich?
God vs. gays.?
Question about soccer?
Are there any historical figures whose birthday is July 26?
How to apply for pharmacy technician job from outside the USA?
Why doesn't MI have any outdoor hockey rinks?
How does the "diamond-seekers" recognize diamonds ?
wforhich doctors can i use for mental health?
why do our noses run when we have a cold?
How do I lift the morale of my softball team?
how do girls m@sterbate?
can a sociopath change?
how to get rid of a sty in your eye?
is chocolate milk really good for you after you excercise?
Can you navigate to your back yard using Google Earth?
More dragon riddles!!?
Waht is the most attractive web site?
why is it my yahoo messenger chat is currently unavailable?
help witha  knee?
How   could I or other people make me Happy?
basketball question?
What is the worst joke you have ever played on someone?
What is this??
Guyz?? Please, Can you answer??
Do you believe in Karma????
Topic for a Movie?
What should I do?
skateboarding...?
How many panels are on a soccer ball?
JP Losman situation @ Buffalo?
Why do I get cramps after my period?
why are most bosses really idiots?
a little about breckin meyer?
North Korea Nukes and the Democrats?
How to terminate a java program?
should i stay or should i go-- job?
How important is the Constitution of the United States in everyday life?
is there any chance to die by appendics?
My DVD burner keeps having write errors, help!?
Is there a program better like LimeWire?
what is half of three quarters?
male virgo, female pisces, what happens?
are schizophrenia and bi polar close to the same thing?
how do you answer a yahoo questions?
Why do childrens songs suck so much?
How do you stop using filler words like "like"?
How does meth exposure affect fetuses?
How come I cannot launch my Tast Manager on XP?
Statistics, why should we care?
Saving money?
What are other ways to start a conclusion in an essay?
what is the excitement in dating older women?
Alzheimers?
Beaten and left for dead....?
list every horror film you've ever watched?
Who has myspaces?
how can i recover my liver health from alchohol?
How do polygraphs work?
Engagment and Marrage?
Not a racist but......?
what is 1000 gallons to pounds?
Please help in Web design?
Is yoga a religion?
Ghosts,monsters,or what?
who sings...?
What is George W. Bush doing about Civil War in Iraq ?
Is democracy right for every one?
Requiring user credentials for a shared hard drive?
do you people even know what you are talking about.?
If you have PCOS how did you know you were pregnant?
psychic who solve murders?
Whats the proxy server for Myspace?
whar falls but never breaks and what breaks but never falls?
revoke mlk holiday?
why is the world standing and watch Zimbabwe destroy its self?
The price of a Babe Ruth pic autographed?
Buttons Vice Versa?
Why they call hindus intolerant?
how my salary as RA at university can cover my life cost?
will texas beat usc in the rose bowl?
Will Someone Come?
Why is this?
are deftones worth seeing live?
Does anyone think the us moon landing was faked?
Good Riddence?
who made the fastest century?
Who was the last RB taken 1st in the NFL draft?
How much alcohol is too much ???
should i play softball or go to camp?
how can u have sex everyday?
Do u want to be a dictator??
which makes more money?
should kids learn riflry in school?
Does hypnosis really work to quit smoking?
Did the Duke of Wellington wear spurs on his boots?
what animal has the biggest ears in the world?
california driving laws?
which QB should have won a Super Bowl?
How can i find Christina Vidal's CD?
Does Vicodin make you dizzy?
the weather forecast said sun today,?
which medication is best for acne scars?
Who r u supporting for the world cup!!?
what is x-rays real name in holes?
mp4 I can't play in computer?
What is my place here?
What is global warming?
what causes skin to go wrinkly?
What company's mine rhodium?
Charlie ??
how can I improve my toefl score?
Who sings the country song Angel with no halo??
Can someone add me on myspace im new?
What should I do if my friend is posing?
For the adults only please?
was their any opostion to the 19th amendment?
What is wrong with me?
Need the best video card for around $200...?
do women really not like bearded men?
Who wants to be my GirlFriend??
how can i get free web site to sell my product?
how do i manage my money to avoid unnecessary expenses.?
how do you know if ur bi?
what is brad pitts mums name?
What are all the Seven Wonders of the world?
i have a lump on my wrist, what is it?
Can scientific reasearch be 100% correct?
Are we REALLY less sinful?
What is the meaning of life?
How do you get good grades in science?
Who is the best WWE wrestler?
what is an endowment fund?
Why doesnt college football put in a playoff system?
Should those with a large following dominate all others?
what animal is not eat meat?
how can i keep my man in my life?
Does any one know...?
Howz this joke?
BORAT- movie.?
Why do Muslims treat women as second class citizens?
why do you think I am racist I am not?
how do  I find the domain?
Theoretically speaking...?
what happened to the girl in 3lw?
How do you spend your free time?
How many calories do you burn per mile?
anyone from arkansas?
underground/SAT/cd?
Have you ever been caught?
do you think earl woods dying will hurt Tigers golf game?
how long is the indepence day movie?
when is the penis stop longer?
how did gillagan's island end?
Does anyone know any websites for finding babysitting jobs?
Who here likes Donny Osmond, if any?
how would A person learn to make commercial fireworks?
What is computer Software and give the deffinition?
how far will ghana go in the world cup?
is there any spyware in my computer?
What is a homeroom?
what is a cute way to ask a girl to prom?
How can I get rid of this gut?
Can someone tell me the names of all the American Idol winners?
Can I get a post acquisition management plan on clay bricks factory?
Is the Chinese way of staying cool a Si-Ling Fan?
how would you know if you are gay?
what is happening at the cellular level in differentiation?
How do you know a bird is a male or female?
How do I get into shape in two months.?
what increases growth of beard?
Why  am I sitting here?
what does 'pleading the fifth' mean?
how do I read a blueprint?
Who thinks Robben will score again for Holland today?
Need to lose 5 pounds in 10 days?
What are some good indie bands?
what do u think about president bush and immigration?
Can rastas be white ??
total number of cell divisions from the beginning of life?
year doctors  found out about whooping cough?
Are all of you Disney Channel people rich?
C++ anyone??? urgent?
A black hole conundrum.?
can anyone help??
How did the scoring for tennis originate?
How many people live in the Midwest?
what are IT companies? what do these companies do?
what is the difference between free form and bonded amino acids?
Spanish question?
Is there some one who wants to invest in Sri lanka?
My blood pressure was 140/102?
origin of paprika chillies?
what will chelsea win champhions league?
What Are We? First to answer correct gets the points.?
Do long distance relationships work out?
trya banks or rhianna?
What is the date of Mozarts death?
What looks good on college applications?
where can I find details about 2007 medical entrance exams?
how do I clear my yahoo clipboard?
center of the axis.?
Where can I get a test paper for level 1 coaching football?
which mountain is the highest in the world? where it is?
Just Wondering !!?
What is RFID ?
which is worse disturbing the peace or throwing water on someone?
Readings for Rosh Hashanah?
makin money if i have a blog?
Are you happy today ? why or why not ?
What's your opinion about the Philippines?
What should I do there is a guy that I like?
Lord, I apologize?
glucose? equation?
free address label making on my computer?
What's the difference between global warming and the greenhouse effect?
what is ASME standard B40.1?
Was mammoths really bigger than the biggest elephant species today?
how do you save a whole website on harddisk?
Have you ever seen a ghost?
Death : can it be fatal ?
Who was St Patrick?
How is raw gold (unrefined) taxed?
compounds or elements found in grocery or hardware stores?
schalorships, grants, and loans?
what is imputed rent?
please answer this if u know photosynthesis?
i need help?
Anyone else get cold sores?
where is lake havasu?
where do you find info on starfishes?
How can we save money?!?
How do U get rid of corns on the toes?
what is ojas?
Help me believe again?
Which is your favorite?sex....?
How long is a fortnight?
What are the hottest penny stocks available?
please translate papaki kayto taxydromeio?
Quel est le sport le plus fair play ?
Are doctors allowed to sell prescription medications in their office?
Cal poly SLO or UCSD for Electrical Engineering?
how do we stop hurricanes?
What decides whether a person is left handed or right handed?
what kind of music you like?
DO you have an answer???
shopping online best price sites?
Fun question for you ladies.?
what is VMware?
what do pentecostals believe?
what is the perfect teenage girl?
What is the average lifespan of a housefly?
help me please!?
Does anybody no the tune?
How is being strong, different from being numb?
what are some facts about maxcy gregg?
what is kellogg's cereal company's structure?
In public relation, what is meant by visual and literacy?
Favorite child hood book or author?
where should we place windmills?
What is your favorite Episode on Friends?
will losing weight make me more attractive?
How would conventional mining techniques change in microgravity?
sample essay about elementary education curriculum?
which is portal for astronomy?
How do you test the actual speed on an SD card?
How do i spell my nickname?
Defination of E Form in Central sales tax act 1956?
how 2 combat pms????
I have a doubt about my musical career....?
what kind of underwear is best to wear when playing..?
i am mad..?
How to build an automatic dog door for elementary invention convention?
A dioecious plant will have.....?
can u tell me when is id in dec?
what is the largest word in the english vocabulary?
Where can I get A Harchester Utd kit?
How can i find a way around parent blocks???
Importance of logarithms?
what is a period?
what will happen when i press charges?
why do humans ask questions?
Which is a better company TCS or CTS?
please help me i am so sick!?
should i kiss my bestfriend and see how he reacts?
Is Jens Lehmann better than Oliver Kahn?
How do you astroplane??
who invented soccer/foutball?
computer problem?
Attention UK residents?
what is bulk metallic glass?
piantball?
Exact size and weight of a skim board?
how are tsunami waves formed?
Can anyone speak Italian?
what do venture capitalists look for in an employee?
how to manage dedicated linux server?
Do you believe in the "RAPTURE"?
When Does The Tyra Banks Show Air Today?
will me and chuck get married?
which university in canada research about stem cells?
is this a bad idea for my diet?
Another Riddle?
norton internet security?
Who thinks OJ is scum?
Why don't people get this Phrase?
Can allergies cause bronchitis?
poor country= branded clothing??
How can I watch the World Cup Soccer online?
What is the best compliment for a man?
Girls only. How important is sex in your relationship?
Who ran the fastest marathon?
Do you know any good strategies to winning musical chairs?
is there the man that learn english to me?
What's this song??
how do u create a password protected word document?
Why is yahoo answers so addicting?
what is the whole issue about yugoslavia?
How do you get to college with no money?
will a criminal record affect the chances of getting employment?
When do you use a if and then hypothesis?
women please :(?
why america care Saudi women driving?
I can't understand my own religion, is that wrong?
when is the World Mosquitoes day observed and why?
Just carious?
Where can I find a free complete defensive flag football playbook ?
do penis pumps really work?
Where is the closest bait shop to Mattapoisett MA?
this is a serious health question about my mother    see details?
when is your birthday??????
did man walk with dinasaurs?
capable of multiplying either sexually or asexually?
Do PC people rocks?
McDonald's fries vs Burger kings fries?
what is a transducer/?
What is a new moon and full moon?
Do you capitalize "twentieth" in twentieth-century?
what is god's love?
Where can I find help speaking Norwegin?
Paris is out?
Should American ports be sold? Explain.?
how to order a credit report on a tenant?
Can Valentino Rossi win this years Moto GP title?
Why  are there 2 different books in the bible?
does anybody know when sun will cease to exist?
can anyone name the last president[his full name]?
When everything is going wrong today what do you do?
Calculus Help!!!?
Am I gay/bi?
whats older?chicken or egg?
Why do you think West Ham United do well against top clubs?
Is there a place on Yahoo. to store phone numbers?
Lord I need you.  Do you need the Lord?
is pot gonna be leagle in may?
If we go back 200 years.....?
would u rather dance or climb 4 fun?
Jersey People?
Why are roads made of asphalt more often than concrete?
what day does autumn in 2008?
how do i remove some one from ignore list?
27 and attempting to look into a new career, any suggestions?
i need an answer, please!?
What is the smallest muscle in the human body called?
ab workout?
arghhh,so confusing?
Does anyone know about Hoodia?
tips for climbing mt rainier?
how do i get rid of an earache?
how to choose a sunscreen?
Who had more hit singles Heart or Styx?
swimming questions?
lil wayne & Currency...?
Real Estate for sale on ebay?
What is anomalous behavior of water?
How can I obtain a recognized six sigma certification?
Location in Space?
California State University Los Angeles?
How to throw my grenade more accurately and further?
explanation of section 22 illinois constitution?
Court ruling...?
I need help!!!?
Which foods produce the least amount of waste?
Is the underwritten joke funny to you?
are you rich?
how to start a new import export company?
What are the sources of enduring class inequality in American society?
Is it a sin if you think of killing yourself?
Can we stick together?
stretch reflex pithed animals?
Football, soccer - what do you think?
were most work places off today?
How to burn a dvd?
what is kobe bryants offseason workout?
do you beliave in a matrix universe?
How do I qualify as a nutritionist studying part time?
Is my husband in denial?
Why she inviting him to our wedding.....?
I wanna be a lawyer!!?
What is a urinal cake?
Is there anywhere in British Columbia where I can buy US stamps?
What is an elongated area of low pressure called?
what is bacteria?
pain on the hand?
what's the best way to warm up in martial arts?
Is a pie graph clearer than a bar graph?
Should I invest in INTC right now?
Does anyone here suffer from social anxiety?
I want to know who authorized a withdrawl ?
What approaches can leaders use to value people before assets?
My weight is a pendulum?
what is life?
Can the water get warmer than the air?
how to grow facial hair in man?
Ladies, tell me!?
I need to get to SG2 Direct Connect?
when was comedy created?
what are photo copywright laws?
Why does Satan and Lucifer conflict each other?
how can ı make chat with yahoo messenger?
what are the health and safety regulations for a bakery?
Does having a brazillian really hurt?
Any ideas for a ring ceremony following a Mormon Temple wedding?
U.K. A Democracy ???
how can i tell if i am getting a bladder infection?
Instant Reboot?
When you graduated high school...?
how do you work out mole fractions of substances?
how does the rainbow occurs?
how is Texas Tech university?
Slipping on the floor?
To Christians?
Can you get an STD from lesbian sex?
how to improve my jewelry & gem business?
how do i increase flexibility in my back?
Whats the birthdate of Pat Choate?
Can eveil exist in the presence of God?
What did the window say to another window?
Is the UK welfare system sustainable?
where can i get the test result for the SHSAT?
why do we  have do to  homework?
Did the Idustrial Revolution affect Europe positively or negatively?
australia medicare?
Is true love truely out there?
a word of inspiration please...?
Where can you watch NBA games in London or UK?
Sans Disk cruzer mini 512MB?
What position should a first-time baseball player play at?
How do you cure a sclice with your driver?
What songs could be classified as the best of all times?
ugh is this fair of my mom?
what us cities have hosted the olympics?
What's a ponzi scheme?
Are politicians pro or con illegal immigration?
free   credit report  in ga?
Harry Potter?
immigration experts,help!?
What American Football team is more likely to pick up these players?
are there different colors of lightning?
shift rotas?
Does any body know anything about the eastland disaster?
what are ur bad habits?
What is paella?
Your 2 year old son has cancer?
Guys:  Why does my ex bf keep agreeing with me?
How do i edit my Myspace page?
what defeated napoleon in Russia?
Could you get away with murder in Antarctica?
are there any on-line video clips available about biomass?
find this?
Anybody for toast with maramalade!! :P?
The Cross Vs. Buddah?
Crayfish Dissection?
Umm, why....?
If a female became President what would you call her husband?
Latina buttocks?
what do the red hot chili peppers do at concerts?
Currnecy Trading?
Any last words for Mario Lemieux?
Is anyone going to miss Carl Edwards?
For all americans who voted bush the second term?
Can smoking cause you skin to turn dark like the color black?
Why do black people get mad when ?
Did you think the right contestant won American Idol this season?
U know who this is?
are you retarded?
How has the Hubble Space Telescope changed your life?
Briefly explains in two or three sentences the following terms?
about indian air foace?
dallas cowboys?
effect hyperventilation on hydrogen ion?
what is macromedia shockwave player?
ok what do u guys think.???
San Diego - Russian?
who thinks chris brown is fine?
can anyone give 25 reasons why they love someone?
Is it a good investment to purchase an Oil Tanker?
Buyers premium on ebay?
I want a bf! HELP!?
Who is the Dixie Chicks manager?
What can $300 buy?
what are some true evolutionary facts?
what do i do wit a pretty booklet?
What hapend in Tunguska in 1908 ?
sea creature.s?
How long was the show American Bandstand on the air for?
What do you mean by STS issues in science?
what are the types of data processing cycle?
what does kuti means?
Why did that happen?
whats the best way?
Being a caregiver?
what is a messenger archive decoder?
Fishes Sleep?
how can i influence  sexy girls?
Can someone teach me some basic Russian language?
how to begin saving money?
WHY would God say to subdue the earth??
How do I solve this equation 16 is what percent of 500?
2 math questions, please help???
What exactly does GOP stand for?
does the bible agree with gays&lasbiens?
how to ready for my marriage?
my mom doesn't like my boyfriend what do i do?
What causes stomach bloating ?
How do i get to meet Bill Gates in person?
How do i lose weight! HELP!?
What do hot guys look for in girls?
Where do your taxes go?
How do I raise Brine Shrimp And Triops Together?
Maternity pay if you have your own business?
What will life be like in the future?
What is the best way to punish a child?
is there a microsoft office 2004 or higher?
Who is currently the best defender in the world and why?
What do you have on your desk at work?
Who is looking to hire an outstanding seminar leader today?
If this is a christian.....?
deos anyone know any new movies about people getting cloned?
Who is the most annoying person on the planet?
what is a geisha?
If A person is allergic to Pencillin?
chris brown vs trey songz?
Guys, can you answer this? Thanks!?
Want to study hospitality?
Can anyone tell me this?
what are 3 characteristics of Orientalism?
What an example of public - figure exception?
How do we sleep when our beds are burning?
Will anyone hear be boycotting on May 1st?
Which city is called as HI-TECH City?
Are there any predictions for this winter in southern Ohio?
How can I gain weight?
Where can I download Sanford and son???
why does the catholic bible have more books ?
is cheating right after they have cheated on you?
more annoying, a know it all or a clueless idiot?
Will the MSM ask Kerry to resign?
Please take this poll- Republican or Democrat?
Where can i find some hott fencing shoes?
How do you translate into Spanish...?
Business question?
Can you crack this riddle?
Ionisation points of amino acids, pKa, pH?
Who gave the longest speech since 1900 in the Senate?
why isn't there a ufc categories?
what is recorded in the foxfire books?
better to try?
which is better?
dating a white guy?
Are the troops of the U.S going to Iran?
Was "tickle torture" ever used for real?
where can u go and find old high school friends for free?
what are the side effects of low testoserone?
What is a tetrapod?
where is nitrogen found?
Are guys always nasty? (just guys please)?
What turns men on? Why?
What Is the Address of Martha Hart?
where is the club of Sportivo lukueno?
what is Corey Brewer middle name?
rearrange quadratic equation?
Are ALL movie critics gay?
what is called the fishing Gun with an arrow?
Anyone good at math?
why do windows xp not detect my monitor properly?
What's a glomerulus?
Who wants to...?
First woman to walk in space?
Is a guy gay if he watches Oprah?
What is a hitting mantra?
Oh man i need help!?
Pool hopping?
Can anyone make......?
I need help! - what in the world does this mean?
Is anyone else angry with the welfare system?
illegal Alliens exists?
how to solve problem?
What are the components of rainwater?
where is thebest place  to study food and nutrition?
Differential risk adjusted NPV?
discuss the importance of the issue in relation to office equipment?
What is a word using B L O U F E?
How Do i change my avatar pic?
Buzby from Dubai, do you still live in France ?
Are there any girls who can actually throw a spiral???
who will win this year's world cup?
google earth, not working?
I hear about alot of people asking about female problems.?
what are some good websites for song lyrics?
What ever happened to 911 from ECW is he still around?
Have you noticed something strange....?
could you suggest a way to propose to a neighbour?
Sample Business pep talk?
How do you deactivate human inserted computer chips?
Tax on Bonus and Income ???
The term angle of deviation is used in reference to ?
What country uses coins called "kronur"?
Why do men use so much toilet paper?
Do such computers exhibit intelligence?
how to clear history with wanadoo?
Do you compete with your neighbors?
What does "Mi Amore" translates into in English?
who is create first computer and he is what country?
If everything has a beginning then does that mean God had parents?
A  questions?
why is water wet?
how can i be a good player in basketball?
does anyone else believe in total oneness?
What NBA/NCAA team do you totally diss?
what country win in this world club?
What does the 925 stand for in a silver ring?
Interview Question???
how is hepatitis a treated?
how is a millage written?
I am going into high school next year what is it like?
do u believe in reincarnation?
Dunking and other basketball tips?
What is your estimate of Marcos wealth in swiss banks?
hi wat does vouge mean ?               french?
Problems with logitech g7 wireless mouse?
Muslims:      ?
What do you guys think of Polygamy?
What are some Japanese girls' names?
how many girls like old school metal and look hot?
why when hang your legs with head downward  you die?
what do men most prefer in a relationship with a woman?
How can you tell if someone is enlightened?
confussion of Marriage?
one right angle no sides congruent?
Pick one...mommy or daddy?
Is this right? Is this Fair?
how do i get less fat in my...?
what is shaquile oneal full name?
is 2 pac alive?
fifa world cup!!!?
IS there any online RSS reader other than Google Reader?
Why does water drip from an air conditioner?
what are the ten commandments and there meaning?
How Do you Know?
what is the boiling point Aurum(gold)?
How long is a decade?
Do you think Cosmo magazine is?
Volunteer work in USA?
which is the best video game for xbox?
Real Americans on Monday?
Is there anyone more pathetic than Anna Nicole Smith?
Did Republicans time Saddam's verdict to coincide with the election?
how to bulid your own driving range?
what are three autotrophs in a tropical rainforest?
Is David Schwimmer married? Divorced?
whats the next best stock in the stock market game?
do you like cricket or baseball?
Any Kenyans online?
Why did Brett Favre choke this year?
I still have my problem of pauses during my video clips?
who is the most popular politician in the world?
massive deportation has never happened?
the girls can help me with this 1?
Ernest Hemmingway's Hills Like White Elephants?
Is that feasible to manipulate human brain at distance without his consciousness?
is it a good time to buy a home in Virginia?
For men to answer please... :)?
Where can I get permanent makeup tattooed in NE Kansas?
what are extensions of application fils?
ficcion is real?
who is rechel ebe?
How can you repair a relationship after your boyfriend has cheated?
Can someone please tell me what scientology is?
Cervical Cancer?
Who made god?
no one ever overdosed on marijuana?
Why are Canadians so racist as appose to Americans?
How do I get regular google earth?
why does the government allow pornography and bans prostitution ?
What can i do to get rid of a sore throat?
who are you?
relationship between days,hours and seconds?
Tour de France 2006 Champion???
Are realtors worth it for a seller?
remedy for puffy eyes?
what is earth?
Macromedia Flash: loading the main html page?
Should I Get Help?
Who was the first horse to win America's Triple Crown?
do doctors get salary when they go on fellowship?
where can i find mortgage notes 4 sale?
How much does an average BBC sitcom cost to make?
Where do i find Ridgewell in Colorado? National phonebook?
What should i do?
how to convert bmp to ms word format?
why do people usually puke at night?
What should i do?
Is a perfect sphere impervious to a small relative friction?
Why do some people have more love in their heart than others?
What electric bass should I buy?
How much dirt is in a hole 3X3X3?
Who is Shad Moss?
How many moons orbit the earth?
Mohammed and Aisha?
when dose x-men 3 come out?
what is the status of these players for playing?
what is the name of the fourth runner in a relay race?
who do u think is the cutest?
WHAT IS A BIOME?
What are 3 solutions of 9x - 2y = 18?
what is megacolon?
how many times has man gone to the moon?
shoul i kill myself?
what is the title to this song?
Interesting Question?
why israel and palestine are enemy?
which album is better?
average weight for someone that is 6ft and 12  years old?
Where can I download the ABBA songs freely?
Can anyone help me with this?
Can being overweight cause short breath?
Is highschool easier in Canada or in US?
home work help?
Why would God care if I have gay sex?
What does win the war mean to you?
What does balling mean? (gangster language).?
How can I get rid of my fear of bugs?
my daughters friend was molested?
How late are the Polls open for the California primary today?
is NASA necessary??
Why do women want to argue all the damn time?
How do I find U.S. customs auctions?
Can I use my blackberry to receive my Yahoo email?
Where can I buy golf apparel in Jakarta?
What organization or individuals created Yahoo.?
Why do Canadians think Don Cherry is so great?
can branding overcome nondifferentiated products?
what do guys like about grls other than their look??
Should I or shouldn't I?
What are the names of Jupiter's moons?
how hard would it be to start a shooting rang?
Miller man law commercials Stupid or not?
are girls really as dumb as guys think?
What is the number one killing horse deiase?
Why when it rains do worms come out?
Reflexology in Glasgow?
green card with as6 category?
Can anyone give me infomation on Homicide detectives?
how does download accelerator work ?
Where can I purchase a Dell PA 10 in Cleveland OH?
what is critical velocity of water in pipe line?
is wrestling true?
i'm a hero.  no one believes me.?
how does a dike form?
is it wrong to care?
Red, Burning Ears - Externally?
how can i find videos for earth?
Ladies How important is Penis size?
What are the specific strategies that the Mexican team generally uses?
what does it mean when i get breakouts around the eyebrows?
How can I watch High School Musical Online please answer?
Who Watched Jay Leno?
What is the technical name for a jeweler?
Is it possible to have birthmarks in the eye?
How can I have more staying power during sex?
Looking for plans to build a Radionics Black Box unit.?
what is customer service?
how do i find a lonely heart in Zimbabwe?
what was the score for the cowboys tonight?
what kind of questions do I ask this thing?
How To Keep My pool Clean!!?
how will you know if a person deliberately gave you fake money?
islamic trinty?
music Link?
Another ID Question, Is there any scientific evidence for the statement?
Country Song needed?
How to tell parents?
What does a boil look like in the healing stage?
Max. age of a woman to get pregnanat?
what is the propose doing pipe network experiment?
what was the terror on airlines during the 1980's?
whats an athiest?
Cymbalta Users.?
i am bored what should i do?
Chicago TD??
how do you get a lady to become a girlfriend?
what is the first amendment?
Where can I find a species identifier?
How do I find out which Indiana School District I live in?
What are some ways to reverse aging?
does vancomycin cause tooth decay?
how many times did Geramany take the world cup?
10 pts. if you know this!?
What is the National Bureau of Standards?
who won batchelor in paris finale?
arrange in order of size?
haitian immigration laws?
Why am I in such a bad mood this morning?
does aids spread through a massage?
When is it acceptable to lie, if at all?!?
WWE Wrestlemania?
is tendulkar the greatest batsman the world ever saw?
Maternity Career.?
how to make more income from internet?
How do I get a boyfriend for Valentine's Day?
Describe an Emo Puppy Pirate...?
for those in the military, answer this pls?
dear mormons?
What is your favorite song?
measurement?
should i consolidate my student loan?
What are some dermatological genital disorders?
what is a devicedriver?
What are hosting services?
Guns don't kill people, people kill people, right?
what are symptoms of a heart disease?
Recomendations????
Does anyone know if Gwen Stefani has had her baby yet?
How strongly do you feel about getting tested for HIV?
when and where did you get your period?
Who gets paid more: footballers or footballers?
powers of government?
ramon hernendez or david ross?
How long can the human body survive without food and water?
really need help with math problems?
Isn't time Canada Stops waving the American Flag?
Has anyone read the book wicked?
Need some help.....?
Why did my dad to have to die?
are you the best you can be ?why not?
computer problems...?
How do I access a password protected folder after a system restore?
what causes ethics to happen(in sports)?
Have anyone heards something bad about herbalife products.?
any1 from melbourne?
****school****?
Who's considered "white" in America?
Turkey Trivia?
how do u get a foul?
do u believe aliens exist?
Have you ever "shanked" one?
What is cybershark.net?
what was the best line from Braveheart?
help me with this math plz?
Bouncing Ball?
how can I protect a toddler against wasps in garden?
is the anarchist cook book illegal to own?
Photoshop help won't install?
REALLY long extension cords?
what should my vagina feel like...?
DON'T ya Think?
What´s the best way to advertise?
how doI know my property taxes are?
What has four eyes and no face?
How to remove Icon Packager?
how can i change my birth day , give my the details ?
should the indian airport be redesigned?
what if someone ????
what is the most common controversy among filipino teenagers?
will anybody take the soccer crown from brasil??
So tell me>>?
us history: president george herbert walker bush?
What is the best topwater lure for largemouth bass?
animal cells?
Name something that falls from a tree.?
why do bad things happened to good people?
Is Nate Robinson annoying?
What is the average altitude of the world's deserts?
anyone know anything about cambodians?
Do you help those in need?
do you have ever think to kill yoursel? why?
How Many US troops have died in Iraq?
i shave my hair around my penis?
What is arpwrmsg.exe?
the last person to answer this question gets ten points.?
i need a post card love?
How can I make her like me....?
private rn schools?
6y=6y+11 please help?
does anyone no what these abbreviations mean?
x-men? please help!!?
How does magnetism work?
I need an example of manganese?
Credit card confused?
does debt consolidation real? are those programs really helpful?
should be just totally close the American/Mexican border?
what is a crime lab?
is this possible??? what do i do???
What would you say to a girl?
What pheremones do women produce?
Who is Mark Anthony's ex-girlfriend?
What are some great underground websites and what makes them so cool?
please i need your answers in here....?
estimated viewership for FIFA worldcup in kerala?
whats the sleepy drug in turkey?
Is it legal to melt a US coin to obtain the metal?
Scheuermann's Disease?
Is it correct to introduce invariantology at school level?
is net before or after tax ?
I am in great Confusion of Friendship and Love?
what are the geographical requirements for settin up an industry?
How can I get rid of  my big thighs?
Rhetorical questions, do they make a difference?
Theme songs?
World cup?
What are you allergic to?
what is the probability that a   probability we calculate is probably wrong?
Value of football collectables?
Guys only please maybe around 11 years old?
polymer difference?
how does this thing work?
Has anyone ever taken Etodolac?
Is Playboy art?
what is Argentine mean ?
what antibiotics are used for bladder infections treatment?
what does it mean "to stem"?
what is is now?
does anybody know how many nipples a badger has?
How does one say stop im in too much pain?
how much does an aeroplane weigh while its flying?
How many fouls per player are allowed in the NBA?
how many time did Brazil missed from playing world cup?
who is the founder of confucianism?
what is a female?
Solve system of equation check by substitution?
How many independent movies are really successful?
Working with programs and information on two different hard drives?
indianapolis 500????????
does new mexico have a state income tax?
looking for a vs-840EX by Roland Corporation?
i need some songs for a 5 graders graduation?
how to contact Bill Clinton?
any way i can control my defensiveness.?
HOW DO I GET Kiss FM?
good places to meet women?
what is the power plant?
man trouble??
What is according to you the most useful website ever?
Is this the primary difference between democrats and republicans?
what are the knowledge production techniques in Knowledge Management?
what is chairot?
What happens to my Windows if I format my Hard drive?
whos better galatasaray or fenerbahce?
Who do you think will win the world cup?
question for all beliefs?
Michael Myers Vs. Kim Possible?
can I earn money by selling games cracks and links ?
What is up w/ this darn kidney stone?
How can i protect  my yahoo id from hackers?
Simplify the product ...?
What is a bodhran?
what i like to do over the summer?
I would love to relocate and work in Scotland?
Trent Green or Charlie Frye?
Any ever get caught doin it?
Should school years be extended?
How do you control Hiatus Hernia without undergoing any surgery?
If you could have a superpower what would it be. ?
do rattle snakes live in massachusettes?
Generate your own vector p which will represent the probability masses?
wana come play at my house.?
Are Indian Black Metal bands better than those of other countries?
English to Latin Translation?
What's burning and scalding?
Prohibition essay question?
I want to be a boxer?
what do you think of woody hayes?
where is god?
So apparently it's okay to....?
Where can i find/make new friends?
do i need to change my carrer?
where would you get a marriage licence in vero beach fl?
how to make grignard solution ?
why should smoking be strictly probihited in gasoline station?
i think mulattos look better than everyone?
Is masturbation 'sinful'?
Is tennis elbow the same as elbow sprain from boxing?
Are sexual preditors nice at first to their victims?
have any women wrestlers other than chyna beaten male wrestlers?
how to retain software employees in this current market?
Whats been happening on Smallville?
what r u doing?
Guy problems2?
how much money does a preschool teacher make in a year?
what does sonps mean?
Do  you sense danger?
is Angela Devi dead?
what size is a one carat diamond?
why are some people?
What's your favorite line from the show Family Guy?
Is potential more important than curreent abilities?
solutions to limit negative rap?
What is considered racist nowadays?
What are some inexpensive gifts one can buy his wife?
What are the biggest sports in South America?
Whatever happened to Kevin Cogan?
!what should i do basketball and guitar or ice skating!?
What Three different surface are used by Aboriginal people?
what us La Quinceñera?
how dose the blood follow from the heart to the hand?
Is a Revocable living trust really necessary?
illegal downloads?
What is this song?
When does a minute seem like enough time?
Anyone know what day has the earliest sunset in NY in 2006?
who is my girlfriend?
what is a pxf file?
where is Jordan  ?
do you know?
how much does the average lawyer make yearly?
why did yahooo home page change last night?
how does mitochondria function in plants?
Any thoughts on what H Rourke would stand for?
What is long brown and sticky?
How is organic compounds identified using NMR spectroscopy?
UCSB or UCI?
what to do I am so confused?
Did anyone like the movie The Notebook?
How many pages are on the internet?
i have2 questions about a guy?
What is your worst character defect?
Measurements Facts-Show workings?
What is your view on capital punishment?
What are the five steps of the scientific method and their purpose?
Critique My Fantasy Baseball Teams?
what does hafez sho mean?
Friend problems?
Create a Visual Basic executable?
What's the best aftershave to wear?
What is the different between sports and game?
has anyone been to denver ,colorado or grand junction ?
what does your lungs do??
Should a ruler sometimes lie to his people?
Anyone heard of Kristian Stanfill?
How can I get my mother to understand me?
Who is wearing a kilt RIGHT NOW?
Who likes J-pop?
Where are these Input/Output devices located?
Tell about "Tourism and Industries in SAARC Countries"?
which of the following statements are true?
Is picture format jpg the same as jpeg?
what is mean by J2ME?
Land of the free?
Where to send the letter to the NHL?
what does du mich ficken mean?
How is the NFL schedule determined?
What will Bush do when he leaves office?
Hair color?
how do you say video game in spanish?
Can you ease my fears?
How to improve my writing skills (part 2) ?
How do cellphones work ?
How do you stay awake during the mornings?
How to create website restriction for geocities?
Can you name all the elf speices?
What would you do ooo?
my sister jan took my brush again?
what protien powder is good for putting on weight?
where can i get free music for my psp?
how can i get the post code for West Midland?
where are you?
Where are the underground openings to the underground tunnels in south Florida?
Are there any russians?
boy friend trouble?
how can someone care more, if you dont care less?
What does "thy love meet its due return" mean?
what are the requirements/benefits of an employment visa?
how to write primenumber program in assembler programming language?
how to concentrate on study?
How do i improve motivation?
Help with lyrics PLEASE!?
Doesn't Mike Jackson have enough money to buy hookers?
What Country do we live in?
True Love With 2 guys at once?
where can i find codes for pictures of will smith?
Who cheat more? Men or women?
what is the smallest organism  on earth?
i need some one hook up the restaurant hood for me?
Who was the First Reich?
how do i stop sharing files on Ares?
what's the best diet plan?
Muslims why do you say?
How do I check someones credit?
Should I chose Brains over heart or heart over brains?
Rock history 114?
I think Tiger Woods is hot! Does any one else?
How do you cite a primary source in MLA format?
cold and flu?
what does a triple beam balance do?
What Brand make the best gaming notebooks/laptops?
Why do liberals come up with so many ridiculous conspiracy theories?
how was ww1 started and name some new weapons?
what is G-force (in PC)?
is china's yellow river used as tap water?
why capacitor is used in a ceiling fan?
please help me.. i could not find these answer.?
what is chondromalacia?
What to do for having no sex drive?
what keeps the Russian Government  from embracing total democracy?
Site to upload songs for specific users?
What do we do about my husbands Ex Girlfriend?
Could any teams in the CFL compete in the NFL?
I need your help on this one!?
HTML Validator?
help! my sounds messed up!?
What's the difference between bacteria and yeast?
are you Irish?
Why are you here...?
Prayer in a Public School?
For the Christians,?
why we are living?
What education do you need to get a job collecting cans?
how to compute the intensity of pixel using ray tracing?
Movie Question for Hot Rodders?
can u do this?(mathematics)?
what is the best web site for blood transfusion?
how can i add flash movie to a web page.?
When are they going to put Saddam to death?
Why does everyone hate Jeff Gordon so bad?
How can I convert pdb format to pdf?
Quick history homework question.?
What is formula mass ?
I need the answer to this riddle?
When is the International People skills month?
What happened to the Broncos defense on Sunday?
What is your favourite quotation?
What is the market for gold banknotes?
Is anyone else a big fan of Reno 911?
who will be peresident?
Can contact lenses treat entropion?
god of war vg soundtrack?
is ronaldino will score most goals and how many?
What are clipper toes?
Do you think Muslims are the new Jews?
What are the physics of how a parachute works?
What do you want your last words to be?
how does the girls masturbate and why?
what is a flea pit?
in india were to find gravity boots?
what is the best anti virus for my pc?
what does aaren mean?
say "blueberry"! wasn't that fun?
What were the most difficult years of your life?
what is rendezvous?
enemies of the pterodactylus?
why planets rotate anticlockwise?
Low Dose Birth Control Pills?
KAMA SUTRA Question!!!?
Why can I no longer see pictures when I open a website?
how did swords change the world?
Math Paradox - 0 = 3?
Who is the most famous boddhisatva?
Which posession of yours best represents who you are?
It is a bangla languege softwere?
Is there proof that the bible is real?
does yohimbine help increase your labido?
why is the stupid goverment doing this to our kids?
whos in the right?
is there life after death?
is webroot's spysweeper any good?
what's an .INF file?
Correct format for bibliography?
Is changing genders worth it?
how to create positive image of a company?
Where to buy trout to stock my lake in NW France?
what can I do? please help me?
what is Ronaldinho's nationality?
what is a debate?
i can lick my eyebrow...is is this normal?
written agreements for business parnters....?
spider bite question?
Who's gonna get the rookie of the year award?
north korea missle ?
the nice guy line where to go from here?
Need help with a physics question?
what happened to youtube?
Report a company to authorities?
Which country has the highest taxes?
Women have shoes, what do men have?
What is the name of team KNVB?
Milk analysis?
a good book on internet brousingfor beginers?
fathers and daughters:   can they be soul mates?
International Cricket Wallpaper available?
What make of shoe/trainers does Robbie Williams wears?
fav candy bar?
Where can I buy NBA refereee jersey ???
What is the best laptop for college and why??
What are J.Lo's measurements?
Does Anyone Think We in the West Handle Death Well?
do fish eat tadpoles?
anbody home?????
Are there any jobs a  12 year old can get?
How many 'commercial streets' are there in the world?
computer question?
what are emulsoids?
Who sings "Takin Care of Business"?
why do women love me?
hey tell me....!?
did u ever cut urself?
Why is church boring?
which is not a state Missouri, Idaho, or Chicago ?
should sex be fun?
What channel has oprah show repeats?
How to view TIFF files in adobe photoshop?
Best short sprinting spikes?
Why do good things happen to bad people?
So there's this girl...?
How did Chris Birchall qualify to play for Trinidad and Tobago?
how do I.....?
Would you live in a place like this?
Should I ask him?
what supplement will lower blood pressure?
Which is more important?
how to put my yahoo mail to out look?
what is the indianapolis colts football offensive terminology?
Why does the Devil like crossroads?
What is the best way to record music?
find the value of?
hey is henry the best or ronaldinho?
CLEP tests...who has taken them?
Do you think Derrick Lee will ever reach the hall of fame?
Can I submit the same press release from different PR websites?
the highest point of a normal curve occurs at?
what are the 101sex positions /?
i think i have a problem?
Do you pick your nose when no one is looking?
kindly help me in becoming an expert in power point presentations?
What song is this????
Thermodynamics help???
a joke from back in the days,hope you lik?
does any one........?
what is lolocaust?
will memphis win the NCAA?
where can I purchase   z-coil shoes cheap?
I want to sell on E-bay?
How depressed do you get at work?
Why are cockroaches so attracted to bathrooms?
How is your......?
tell me joke?
Buying Holiday tree early?
health help?
do men enjoy kissing?
how can i avoid heartburn without being on medication?
Please help me on my research paper?
name the three oceans that border the continent on which you live?
How to make scroll bars in an iframe?
will honduras participate in the 2006 world cup?
if someone told you........?
how are head lice created?
What was otto frank's business before the war?
what kind of food did they eat in world war 1?
do u go blind if u look at the eclipse?
what is nortipleyine?
I need Cajun french phrases...?
what rhymes with arm?
Here's a thought...?
hello pulmonaryft this is for you only?
where is the zero mean sea level in india?
Can u build trust again?
is a suspect detained in jail before they are formally convicted?
What is the Truth about falsehood?
What do you day dream about the most?
From Wb Shows who's hotter?
hw can i be rich in very shortcut way ?
what state do i live in?
Hello! I got something for you!!?
Why am i gay?
Who can help me pay school fees for my late brothers children?
What shall I do if I break someones heart?
Science question...why is an apple red?
Do you think that Macedonia is Greek??
If the Democrats loose yet another election...?
How can I buy stock shares for Birkenstock?
Are your minds in the gutter?
How can I advertise my websites effectively cheap?
Height and widthe of a trapezoid?
How do you make 12 sections on a circle?
importance of computer mouse?
our mercy is our crime?
What are some creative ways to be romantic with your date?
what foods contain lithium?
where can I find a codebreaker program for Nero?
How many number of times 22 or 23?
where can i download prison break finale?
What is the name of this monument?
help wanted for uploading stuff?
Should President Bush support Gay Marriage?
math help helpppppppppppp?
What were some bad/corrupt things that Eisenhower did?
Horror stories about your boss?
Can someone give me an example of satire in this sonnet?
Can someone give me websites on the American Revolution?
How are Typhoon(Cyclone, Hurricane, Tropical Depression) formed?
Do you think that plants can be gay?
How do you know when someone is lieing?
what is the remedy for baldness??
When is President Bush's next scheduled press conference?
how do translate happy easter into french?
are you ever torn between good and evil?
How i quikly         learn English?
some one asked me to be in a porn?
Im falling for a girl an need some genuine advice?
Period twice in two months?
Define Love?
Did Saddam Hussein have "strong links to Al Qaeda"?
50 verbs in spanish?
How do you send files through a Hyper Terminal?
How do i find the answers to these?
please give me money $200?
Where can you find ASCII codes?
Hell how do you do?Do you like the dancing movement?
What are these British currency definitions?
Question about school supply of all states?
Who is the biggest diver in the premiership?
How can I reduce computer fan noise?
Guys only!?!do you like blondes?
where can i get windows vista(beta)?
Jobs for a 15 year old?
what is a common owner?
what is a clique?
who was nashville star search winner 2006?
Have you ever eaten tofurkey ?
how do we put in a yahoo request?
Culture Shock?
Past tense --> Present?
What do drug dealers and software developers have in common?
Where can my 3rd grader get \nmath homework help?
What do you know about outsourcing?
Hz, Wave, and frequency physics hw?
Where can I find free printable Sunday School certificates?
How come know one brings flowers?
What is real Love?
where do i vote in grand prairie texas?
How much blood they will take away from my body??
is microsoft a monopoly?
I can't find my fantasy football league?
Is it good to have relationships with a player?
how many fingers do i have when?
Is the Third World War right around the corner ?
sprained ankle?
tell me what you think?
words ending in gry?
What do you think about the possibility of military action with Iran?
Which Pride and Prejudice?
Should there be a closer look at who we allow here?
where can i find free evaluation testing online?
y does the kkk burn 3 crosses?
Your favorite lines from Full Metal Jacket?
how do you get rid of laziness and depression naturally?
What's my favorite color?
What is best for cleaning laptop screens?
what are jim rice's career stats?
How can i break my shyness around guys?
After how many years, Australia is playing in FIFA World Cup?
Does training MAX-OT really work?
Are you closer to reality or is your dog ?
Workout supplement for teenagers?
How to defend our turf?
A week after my tooth was pulled...?
are you an aries???
Spider or Tippmann?
What causes mechanical energy?
Who can tell me all the numbers they known in Pi?
Difference Between PC2700 & PC 3200 RAM?
what the step i should do to be a male escort?
What is occlusion?
just wondering!!!?
What is a good job to get into and why?
what is the best stress buster?
someone pls help?
how to change aour age?
where can i find hair tongs made by triangle?
space..wat does giving someone space really mean?
Selfish choice...Keep it or give it?
Will The Rockets reach the Finals?
can any one help me in finding drivers 4 my sound card?
What coaches have won super bowls with two different teams?
what do u guys think of allen iverson?
define myopic anaylsis?
Is Shawn Ashmore, GAY???
Why do Spanish football fans always monkey chant??
Do you think Tom on myspace has any real friends?
Who is the worst singer or band in the planet?
What does coccolone mean in English?
how many times germany be a world cup champion?
What is the appropriate statistical test for this data?
Name  three encryption techniques in computer?
How are proteins transported into the mitochondria?
What organ seperates the thorax from the abdomen?
What are Veternarian requirements for Maryland?
what is the difference between MIT & Msc.IT?
how to prepar for NET exm.?
what does phrase "time suck" means.?
After Armageddon who will live on earth?
reduction noel club med gym?
how much of water we can take everyday?
please give me information about today match of south Africa score?
What was the birth date of Jesus?
What is the impact of entertainment on children other than violence?
any good songs???
Questions about Jesus?
Can anyone explain the Alfred Plea?
Why do people commit crimes?
medical career epectations as a future physician?
how do i create a retention culture in my organization?
How can you erudicate poverty?
only girls?
What are some pros for year-round schooling?
what is Eid all about?
Monetary Policy?
Why does Penelope test Odysseus?
what chemicals are used to make kevlar?
Which Marx makes the most sense, Groucho or Karl?
How do you know if you have a paranoia disorder?
what is debugger?
what is an object oriented compiler?
what is a summer camp job sponsorship to america?
New Cheerleading Coach help?
how many ways to  create a database ?
subscription to Pehla in Kuwait?
what's the best song of all time?
who is your grand father's name ?
Whos The Finest B5 Breeding Brother?
iam looking for tyrone davis old song?
Do you have contact information for the LDS Church in Bahrain?
Did you miss me this morning?
do worms yawn?
why did the people fall in love?
Will we evolve if the Earth floods?
buddhist religious text?
Ex GIRLFRIEND PROBLEM ??
is it ok to call him to stop by?
Interracial Relationships - why do people stare at couples?
how do I enter the into the interpol?
Is there any wesite to learn SQL?
What should I change on my fantasy bball team?
why did they close dowm winmix?
How to attract tourists in business?
what is central serous retinopathy?
Who is better Jon or josh?
how long does it take before a mouse reproduces?
Law questions?
What is the perfect weight?
What is my mother name don't know her?
Do you have a good name for a newspaper?
Why don't we settle this whole Religious thing?
Vic Romano or Kenny Blankenship.?
Need Help with Father's Day?
what are remedies for premature greying hair?
who is the present prime minister of malaysia?
Do you have a relative that has a different religion?
What can I do to add five years to my life?
Some ones about to call the police on me.?
ok dont laugh at my question cause its serious ok!?
health insurance?
How do I verify an email address?
Hey Evolutionists!?
Are you concerned about the security of your laptop?
How should i ask her out???
What does it mean when you see hawks?
Is it worth being a Miss Universe?
What website do you go to to see movie release date?
Is there a numeric classification for plants?
Did Adam have a bellybutton?
What should you put on a babysitting flyer?
whats the best chat site on the net ? And why ?
Which Superpower and WHY?
cheper then dirt .com?
what do you do to keep a girl from cheating?
do american women truly want equality?
Does Thou speak of anger, or happiness?
How cool am I?
Will someone take me to the dance?
live play cricket match?
what do you think about Orlando bloom?
Anyone know the name of this movie?
what do adult salmon eat?
Why are blacks more racist than whites?
information about the processing or manufacturing stage of materials of composites?
How many hours of sleep do you need?
what nerves are blocked with Femoral Procedure?
Have us ever found it hard to let go?
Im possessed, how do I excorize myself?
what is the league of 5 nations???
i am the messiah! will you follow my teachings?
Math Problem?
orgin of brazil?
I need to upload a book called stargirl.?
Is Phno  Penh or Hanoi the capital of Vietnam?
Penis size?
Develop a Scheme?  How will the scheme work accurately ?
how do i make money and be finacially independent?
I am freaking out...I hate today!?
why do girls have cutties?
Which TV network carried NFC games until the mid-1990s?
What is the meaning of Inc. Give the expansion.?
where are the Heelys shoes manufactured?
how do you move your itunes to another computer?
any body single on here?in why you single?
will a BS in biology get me in med-school?
how to make a klingon sword?
what are common problems of teachers and pupils?
i am 5.10 tall am i small?
convert Am3/hr to m3/hr?
Did you ever fell in love with a raspberry?
What is the highest ever score in a 90 min football match?
What's the Religion with the most followers?
why is forestry an important natural resource?
Why do you get canker sores?
How can I become "The Man"?
what are some ways I can make money while Im unemployed?
Do you have Windows Media Player 11?
Which programmng language is the best for creating viruses?
How come when I bribe God with prayer it never works?
Where are the pressure points on the human body?
I need help.?
How did the bird grow wings?
How many walls does the U.S border have?
how do you say glasses in spanish?
In a single hockey game was there more than one hat trick?
why did Fred donkey punch his wife?
Why do some people look like specific animals?
Favorite SNL host?
what is another  name for a swollen throat in infants ?
Sex drive/libido?
Does anyone suffer from Fibroid Myelga?
Would you like to watch your man with another woman?
does he like me?
Deja-vu , what causes it?
Why the heck is Avenged Sevenfold so popular?
What is God THINKING?
where i could i buy tour de france videos?
what is the sabbath?
why do people do bad things and then run to church.?
Why are green race cars considered bad luck?
What should a wife do if her husband buys her panties?
Does the state of ‘Cold War’ still exist?
danger-keep away?
Should I say goodnight, or goodbye?
For Westerners, would you ever want to live in Asia?
What are YOU grateful for?
What happend to worzel?
Can you help me Please?!?
What was your first job?
boxer was bait for pitbull fight in dc?
how to use the sed command and regular expression?
Does a pig have a stomach, that is a hog?
Where did the word "POSH" come from?
When is Iran going to finish its first nuclear bomb?
is bipolar disorder genetic?
What is ur favorite Afi song?
How can I stop my internal ip addresses from randomly changing?
where do i get a certified mexican birth certificate?
Is it political correct to denigrate men?
Will Ronney play in the knock out stages?
Drugs and your body?
What can a person do to perfect a credit score?
When did halies comet pass by the earth?
Have you ever farted and it smelled like roses?
is this a PDQ in the OHARNG?
Will me and clayton get together?
Should I runaway?
Problem opening Microsoft Word file.?
Can Spain beat France in 90 minutes?
Who do you think will win? Germany or Argentina.?
What is the most disappointing thing happen to you about guys?
where does it go?
You people are so kind...?
Why does fraternies use greek letters?
what are the requirments for getting into a university?
Who here loves desperate housewives? WHY?
Have you done a colon cleanse before?
What are the odds?
Do blind people dream in color?
what is authority?
pay  pal ? ?
When yahoo have a world cup bracketts?
does anyone know how to extract a music track without voice.?
Guys, what really attracts you to a woman?
Tell me something that you did that you are ashamed of doing?
Information about Tsunami of 2004?
What new products are taking off in the new home construction field?
serious stuff!?
is it hard to study nursing in italian language?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Has anyone else been getting weird people.....?
what is yoga?
What is your favorite John Prine song?
can i ask  the meaning of  some complicated eng. words?
avwerage penis size?
huh ok i was just swandering?
Does potassium nitrate react with water?
whats the most useless thing on your desk right now?
Is Bonds really a steriod user?
what are some good hardcore or metalcore bands?
What's the memory capacity of a typical brain?
please tell me nicest joke but shortly?
ever think about dying?
Where can I find info about grants for home remodel?
we've got a fast bus here...?
Examples How the poor are blammed for their poverty?
Have any cool experiments?
what is the capacity of emirates stadium?
what is the dot above the letter i called?
do u like rap?
What will happen?
What team in the NBA is going to win the championship?
Is it ok to be attracted to your mother in law?
Prison Or Rehab?
How do I remove Yahoo search history?
Current popular songs in the uk?
Dekalog,the best kept secret Billy Idol in Canada ?
How do I confront my best friend about her race issues?
How old are you when you started to play golf?
work abroad???????????
Is it just panic attacks or ?
FIX a laptop?
For American Idol Fans...?
Panama vs. Peru (November 19, 2006)?
Need a shona translator?
am I being ripped off?
okokokokokokokoko?
What is a floppy disk?
radical symbols vs. rational exponents?
What do u think about Ecuador in the World Cup???
How do I download Microsoft Word 2003?
what is definition of a beautiful woman/girl and why?
What's better? Uzi or AK47?
Which was your favorite half time commercial ?
Do u think Quraan is God's word??
answer again?
which countries are more aceptable nakedness?
Do most people from Iraq like Americans?
How can I read minds? Are we all psychic?
what are the links between environmental destructions and numbers of people?
who won the gay marrage bill?
Getting over girlfriend's past?
How Cold Is It In Space?
Fairrly Quick Math Question?
what do you meant by hallucination?
Ax + By = C is an example of what?
bull capital who built?
are some white guys intimidated by black girls?
When is it too late to stop a fight?
chapped lips.?
class presentation.. nervous?
How many of you found soul mate on Yahoo Q&A?
Can someone suggest a possible career choice for me?
Flu Mist or Shot?
what is the highest possible SAT score you can get?
Will T.O. wreck his new team, also.?
how many people know elton johns middle name now?
reallocating my 401k choices?
any christmas ideas?
Wher is antispyware on Yahoo toolbar?
Does spice like pepper make people stink?
Whar is the best thing that your guy did to you?
Okay!!...What does she mean here?
Salary Range - Executive Secretary SE Asia?
how can i find an obituary from 2003?
What in the world is that song????
Hilary Duff's New Album?
Why is yawning so contagious?
What are steps to become a teacher in Wisconsin?
Tell me your opinion?
what are undercooled materials?
Is ESP real?
What 2 teams are going to the Super Bowl?
what one should in a perfect groom?
Have anyone ever financing a car?
Definition and types of terrorism?
Is there anything scary that you have gone through?
Where is the best place to buy skis in Minnesota?
Where can I find some intersting science topics?
Abortion..?
joke????????
what can u do to discover yourself especially when you are shy?
What is the meaning of The Eyes of March?
Are Polo Assn clothes cool??
why the movie heros not die?
If I am downloading music from iTunes....?
how do you find real flint?
How do you know if your boy-friend likes your sister?
How can I learn about interpreting oil and gas well logs?
importance of financial reports for external and internal decisions maker?
What should i buy for my girlfriends mom for mothers day?
what should i do to stop me from eating sweets?
Sex before marriage?
when should u hav ur first KISS?
in hunt of a genuine way to work from home online?
have you ever had a song dedicated to you?
how i promot my yellow pages website?
Hypnotherapy Headache?
in your own opinion, what does Thanksgiving Day is all about?
Which is the oldest fossil known to man?
what is the normal size of a Human penis in centimeters?
how can I go back to Internet Explorer 6?
What does the Bogeyman look like?
What are you going to do for thanks?
i need help from macromedia expert?
how stupid is your spouse?
Did anybody see the Science of Superman on the National Geographic channel?
nearest planet to earth?
how can give interesting answers here?
Is there any cure for Thalessemia Minor?
what is the unit of measure for depth of sea?
what is the safer period to do intercourse before or after periods?
If i said a woman had a nice fart box?
Is 114 a Good IQ for a Thirteen year old?
what is the chemical structure of the spider's net?
where can u find mature guys?
where in newyork can i  find  a female wrestling  partner?
Does anyone speak Creole?!? Can you help?
Do you hear better on water or on land?
What was the meeting between Bush and China about?
would you support your government no matter what?
how do u down load yahoo messenger with out voice?
What is a Perpendicular Recording Hard Drive?
what the meaning of  (sartlek)?
Does Anyone Know a Lot About Horoscopes?
why do so many people want to see Paris go???
Who is this naturalized foreign resident "Einstein"?
What's a Disney Channel audition like?
what do you think is the best computer?
What are the measurements of a regular sized basketball court?
What is the best computer tax program?
Round-18,432 to the nearest hundred and thousand?
Would a restriction on weapons for civilians help the USA?
where is the nearest black hole?
The Donald Shaw Question.?
give me tips. from one of the following:?
What state is better to relocate NC or GA?
Who finds merit in the ideas of Lloyd Pye?
wat is there in love?
why do i like him when...?
Which company is helping Gulf Air to provide online payment services?
need software help?
Please can you help?
I wonder what the average age of  people  using this is?
What are 5 deciduous forest landforms?
should they bring back capital punishment in the UK?
Are you as dumb as you look?
I need help ASAP, please?!?
where can i get cpac imaging pro for free?
Inter-religion marriage?
do you think i could help more people each day?
whats green and yellow and swings from cake to cake.?
How can I get my computer to stop freezing up?
Should I get a boutineer for a formal?
if the answers cock robin whats the question?
excel question.?
when is you Birthday?
What is the significance of the 14th amendment?
On line lovers = cheating? For married people.?
does anybody know funny facts about Mel Gibson?
How do you rephrase this line?
ADA Title II Case Law lawsuits where plaintiff is federal courts?
HELP!! MySpace!!!?
What software would you recomend to manage our household budget?
I need a new career?
My husband wants to record us having sex.?
I asked a close friend this:?
can you recommend me the best paid survey website ?
did adam and eve have navals?
i dont believe in god, Do you, why?
wat do u think about school spirit week?
where does the sun rise and set from new york?
Is it possible to retrieve messages that you've deleted?
Blogging idea?
guys how is raw vs smackdown 07?
Who will win Game Five of the NBA Finals in Miami?
Kansas City?
why wont my ms paint work???
another song question please help?
How can you tell if a guy really likes you for you?
Mininum compensation amount for exempt employees?
How do females flirt .?
Red Sox or yankees, tonight?
24 April 1915?
What is the fastest way to be swimsuit ready??
what car did they drive in miami vice the series?
Welfare Question.?
I dont want to be left out anymore?
algorithm to find all the blocks in a connected graph?
What are the best hockey shoes.?
Why do some worship and ask or Mary?
What do you think of the Iraq situation?
choose the plural noun that's spelled correctly.?
y people r fedup of religion?
Should people with white guilt be put into slavery?
will i get pregant again?
can you make a homemade ESD wrist strap?
How to defence MIS?
am i wrong?
I need forms for home schooling?
Kids won't talk to me.?
What do you consider a morbid sense of humor?
how do i delete windows movie maker?
how does high temperatures damage a cell membrane?
how and where to inject saline into the penis?
how rockets thrust in the space?
does any one know tommy johnson?
What chemical compound is used for:?
The Hole In The Wall?
im looking for a poem for a dear friends funeral services?
Can we report Oprah's question for advertising?
Little johnny joke?
Math question on averaging weight?
Who are the best fans at the World Cup so far?
jokes please?
plz give facts on the center of the earth?
the theme song to Cheerleader Nation!?
Do I have No Rights In America?
how can i know if a woman loves me back?
My Music Icon?
Need natural/home remedies for adult acne?
Can George W. Bush Run again??
plz suggest me any good site related to oracle?
How HARD is LSAT?
why do g/fs change they mind like the weather?
How would you get Canadian money exchanged into American?
How many of you live in Va?
Do you think actors should go into Politics?
What is communitarianism about?
Who else thinks the World Cup sucks?
How do you avoid ticks on humans while camping?
How do I become a criminal profiler with the FBI?
About windows media player???
beast advise you ever give?
why is this happening?
The history of education in the United Kingdom?
is horoscopes witch craft?
how can I become a wedding officiant?
ultimate  sad songs?
What is a good idea for a 1st wedding anniversary gift?
How can we convert BMP files to JPG?
What is the quickest way to get better at basketball?
What is the best way to save for college for my son?
does cloning effect large offspring syndrome?
where can i search a note for keyboard?
What is the inverse Laplace transform of this expression?
How would you do keyword research for a new client?
People who love math, part IV?
What area of brain is involved with muscular activity?
can I get French tv channels here in England?
What are wormholes and how could they be useful to us?
PS3 or XBOX 360??
Investing in scientific research is a waste of money?
how would you describe yourself in one word?
How many watts are in an amp?
How to really firm the buttocks?
Which comedian is not funny at all?
The State of Iowa obtained this on December 28, 1846?
if u could go back one year...?
where i cn learn flash to make my website?
Would you vote for Bush again? Be honest please?
How has the Internet changed  your life?
Is an attempt of suicide a crime?
How do I stop being homesick from college?
does anyone suffer with a hyperextended leg long term?
who scored the worldcup's 1200th goal?
how can i defeat satan..?
what do i do?
What is the average cost of buildng a hydroelectric power plant?
how do i get highest grades in my exams?
Why don't the players wear tear-off jerseys?
Question about Milk?
Which is your Favorite Website ?
who knocked out muhamadd ali?
what kind of music do you listen to?
What is the difference between Hardware and Software?
About the Graphic Card help me out !!!?
is there a listing of all websites regarding multiple sclerosis?
Foot Worship?
who do i start?
Where is a good place to get a skateboard on line?
Why is Barbaro's leg injury life-threatening?
how i learn english languech?
How to fix fogged up goggles?
How many different versions of the Bible are there?
Whos happy that Taylor Hicks won American Idol?
Latinos only !Who is a better Regaeton artist?
How do I know a girl likes me?
Can I swim with a ringworm?
What countries make up the Commonwealth games ?
Which Country?
why can't my desktop pc read data?
How do you download songs onto real player?
where can i get C9 sunglasses online?
Uhh.. what is earth day?
My laptop wont turn on?
im 18 years old and yahoo thinks im a child?
Why don't you become an atheist?
what problems were faced by the Han Dynasty?
What do you think about Americas government?
can it be to cold to snow.?
How do I learn to swim?
When should Employers print out Work Schedules?
how can i achieve my targets ?
This question is sooooo hard someone help me please?
Who would be harder to lose?
What is and how can we do surfing?
where can i find an article on opposing slavery?
what is elimination?
hook up with best friend's husband after they just separated?
Why is water considered a polar substance?
What do you call someone from Hong Kong?
how to burn video to dvd?
How to make a new yoga mat more sticky?
Christians, how do you decide which Bible version you believe?
How can one impress one's in-laws?
My computer restarts… What do you think is the problem?
who thinks.....?
I am going to try this one last t ime?
What are some good new songs out in spanish?
general term for describing male/female reproductive organ?
Who will win the Wimbeldon this year?
How can we or someone fix people starting rumors?
how many of you understand the afrikaans term?
Do oijui boards work or is it all fake?
Why do Geese honk when they are in flight?
Is a black spot inside the lower gums a serious problem?
how do i get on myspace if its block?
penn fishing reels?
Will there ever be peace in the world?
What is the difference between Democrat and Republican?
homework help!?
what are the body systems of black labs?
how can i recover my stolen laptops?
How do I get a business licence in South Carolina?
What is the meaning of life?
Who is your Favorite NHL or OHL team?
seat ibiza?
How is porcelain magnetic?
What should I do for the carpal tunnel in my wrist?
I am looking for a keyboard that is red in color?
how are genes passed down in a genetic disease?
Why can't Conservatives and Liberals get along without fighting?
Do you still love me?
Double Standards?
wealth or knowledge?
What does "XX-ish"mean?
what is 3/4 of a dollar= how many quarters?
is there a quick way of getting rid of large stretch marks?
what 3 things wil hapend before world ends?
Government conspiracy?
A Catholic college in Colorado???
Does a clone have a soul?
How may words?
Will the Ivory Coast Upset Argintina?
How do you stop bieng jealous?
what types of exercises for erectile dysfunctions?
When will Supernatural Season 2 be shown in the Philippines?
what makes bootcut style jeans different from straight leg?
after cookies what?
does anyone host their own email?
How can I break into politics?
Can a woman be a good president of the US?
Help! How can I get contacts without a prescription?
is playing clarinets nerdy, or cool?
Would you compromise what you love to do for a job?
what causes skin cancer?
Are there ways to improve one's sense of smell?
Why isnt he my boyfriend?
I need to fix my computer with a 6101 error?
Can a man EVER hit a woman?
a good place to?
Who is your favorite baseball hitter and pitcher?
African Muslim Male?
what am i doing wrong?
sista 4 sale! plz read?
Need Help with Automata and Theory of computing..?
What are the steps to reporting a company to the labor board?
Correct Squats?
Why does the majority of Americans agree with abortion?
Hatred..By The Kinks?
GaRtH bRoOkS?
I am a Muslim! Do you think I am violent?
Does a "FEEDBACK" ever stop?
what is source of Thames river Ontario?
how do you get deep stains out of clothes?
What the best lesson  have you learn from your parents?
can you give me the flowchart of battalion army?
Is it posible for me toknow you?
How exactly do Veneers work?
I have a mac. how do i get into chat rooms?
Any one in Paris want a pen pal??
CAn you answer this?
do you all feel...?
What's the difference between a wood and a forest?
how can somebody get to USA?
any thing free on the internet?
What is AMBOISE PLOT?
How doI increase my speed?
Butchering a small game animal?
You would rather know or not?
what ia a independent fundamental baptist?
what does a republican stand for?
Which RB should I start ?
Do you know for sure who is your biological daddy?
If you want your ex gf back?
If cartoons are educational then why do the animals talk?
Anyone want to come help me finish my work?
eye sight whats happening?
The war in Iraq.?
how do I turn my boyfriend on?
what is your favorite team in 2006 world cup?
tommorrows lotto numbers anyone?
Did Clinton rig the intelligence reports?
You know youre BLESSED when...?
How can I invest with small amount but can live properly?
is IQ genetic or taught?
in biblical language, what does the word tripartite mean?
Is Balmorhea referenced in a country music song?
Side affects of medicine Allopurinol?
Best all wheel drive cars under  $10,000?
what to say for condolance?
What does the Confederate Battle Flag really represent?
Mad Mother?
How many homeschooling parents have a college education?
me and my brother fight alot i need help?
can you take a joke?
is there a law that protects a tenant from eviction?
Why do I do this???
Can you fix this sentence?
What is degenartive arthritis?
alzheimers?
What happened to Wade Hayes?
What size shoe does Jodie Foster wear?
Is there such a thing as an Atheist cookbook?
Why dont we have virtual constructor in C++ ?
How can start the business without money?
Do you think it's ok for relatives to work together?
Best quote you ever heard?
lost test?
Who is the best cricketer in India cricket team?
High speed alternatives for rural areas..?
love songs?
What does this mean: ex aeque et bono?
what are othre words for bomb?
All the President's Men inaccuracies??
How many Masters will Tiger Woods win in his life?
How is it?
proffread please?
what do you call people who have sex with animals?
How does muscles work, and how do muscles contract?
Ok I'll ask this AGAIN?
are there any products available that WILL fade age spots?
how should i do my hair tomorrow?
how many people live in Saco, Maine?
Question for ALL?
what is epilepsy, and how can it be cured?
grammars...?
what is a goolag?
Salt, Lime, and...?
below knee leg amputation case study?
Is 666 real?
what is the reason that some white guys start to act black?
I have a problem?
Any body watch Criminal Minds?Are they Profilers?
Does revenge exist in the animal world?
Who is Allah?
Which is your best music video?
how do i get a job as a paid chat room monitor?
What are guys biggest turn ons.?
how many times can you have the chicken pox?
information on omeprazole 20mg?
Anyone think toga was aggressive at Korea Vs Toga?
What do you think of the name Cedric?
burning DVDs?
what is a letter of intent?
why is it getting colder outside and darker?
how much long take to men sperms die?
where can i find nysc fitness group?
does anyone know some cool classical music to play on electric guitar?
why is everyone getting married at a young age?
Information about Generation X?
what is Jerome Bettis phone number?
Witches, Wiccans, and other magick users?
what's better?
Does anyone think that Eddie Vedder is hott?
I'm happy. You wanna know why?
what awards from army transfer to the marine corps?
math question?
Which plant group produces seed without flowers?
do u like the hardys?
What to buy her for christmas???
capital of california?
who built the sears tower?
who will be the starting RB for the packers?
How did the spread of the Muslim Empire affect trade?
How do I deal with my Dad's temper?
have u ever gotten your gender changed?
what is the 1394 connection Net adapter?
What can I do to build my calf muscles?
how long do I need to keep canceled checks?
What is the difference between a chip shot and a pitch shot?
What is the best way to stop static shock?
Fun Gym Games?
What is the origin of the word 'fishpond'?
Alfred Dale book.. Where can i find it?
Is my boyfriend interested in my best friend?
intangible trust on grid computing?
2005 city directories for kansas city mo?
What is more ridiculous than a white girl acting black?
Who's the greatest karate instructor of all?
Is attitude REALLY everything?
what can you do to make your jeans look cool?
just a fun question?
how does drug absorption occurs in GI tract?
Advantage of a credit card,,,?
What are some silcon facts?
Why does my ex girl want to be friends ?
how can an insurance cover a loan?
what do i do?
When will unix time_t run out?
Math question please help!?
Any CCNAs or CCNPs with jobs out there?
Dwayne Wade is # 1?
are flu shots really effective?
What is your favorite swear word?
Integral Question?
who's the most famous in the would?
who is the hottest actor on  earth?
Does anyone believe in EVP?
Why do lots of people believe communism to be bad?
do you know a name of a male haitian mathematician?
Similair Site?
who was a better baseball player??
how will be the life after 500 year ?
Somebody help!!!!?
No enlargement at all?
Help...Sex!!!?
how long does it take for clay to turn into a solid?
how much does a house cost in edmonton?
Going to the dump, what do I do?
best way to answer interview questions?
Battery Life?
i have a friend problem?
what's the best way to celebrate a 1 year anniversary?
what is the most disgusting thing your child has done?
What is culture and can it change?
help, school is making me depressed?
what hapens when you lose ur virginity?
anything please!!?
what do you think about Ethiopians?
what points should i consider in order to debate about terrorism?
anyone want to get to know me and be my friend?
what is a medical cure for cancer?
Can anyone help with this integral?
Do guys know Hi-5. A kids popular kids group?
Marijuana. Good Vs: Bad?
Are You Happy ?!?
Yahoo on mobile!?
how much  sex and love are combined??
how do teens lose weight fast?
worried about a future education......?
why they call McDonald's Mickey D?
Maggie sottero dress help?
which european team won the champions league cup last year?
Who supports our Troops ?
Physics Help!!!?
entropy of dry ice?
Why do bugs like poop?
How many states are part of the contiguous states?
who is win this football world cup 2006 ?
Who is your favorite pro football team?
why is it wrong for girls to like football so much?
what will be a good name for a movie?
can a landlord connect the house lights to your electric box?
Are you for or against a NCAA Football play-off system?
Would you date someone like this....?
My myspace is acting weird =&#92;?
who is going to the super bowl?
need help for disabled woman in severe hardship situation?
Which day in the year is a happy day for u?
In other countries, what day compares to our Veterans Day?
Do you know anything about Romania?
Which site can i download from free mp3 music?
what does 7 = S ON A  FPP mean?
why do my emails keep gettin sent back failed?
computer history?
whats being "cool"??
What is love?
Does anyone know Greek?
When & where do you feel most at peace?
How many people aren't still virgins?
Robin vs Batman, who might win?
Would this be so bad?
why did stanley tookie williams die?
what is extension .mdf?
websites similar to myspace.com?
why does guys like stripclubs???
Who sang "Wight is Wight" (White is White)?
how to enlarge boobs by working out?
what is the difference between a game warden and police officer?
what is sex?
Waht is mazot?
how do i fix usb setting is enabled in bios?
How does the world know what year it is?
Here's a riddle for you?
Question for women.?
How many people are injured by swords yearly in the US?
what is life in london like?
clogged arteries?
what is a grain?
E-pals (penpals)?
Who's going to win the Stanley Cup??
What are some good ideas for making money?
Embarrassing Question!!!?
Why was the war at valley Forge fought???
Does Florida recognize common law marriage?
how do you spell the word " @ss"?
urgent fanny rash!!!?
Changing hard drive?
telecoms, Dan O u in it?
HOw menny of you fly in your dreams?
how do i know the ip address im connected to?
wht is nineteenth letter?
how can i check my ram speed?
What's spur?
I can't sleep!!?
can employer cut wage for no reason?
Where can i get some free marketing plans for a juice bar?
what was the first act of terrorism in England?
How open-minded are people nowadays?
What's the appeal to being a hard-core Christian?
Where is Sammy Sosa? Has he retired?
Who painted the artwork in Match Point's Tate Gallery scene?
How has Psychological and Mental abuse affected your behavior?
website that shows availability of productd in stores?
Where can I get Microsoft Power Point Viewer?
How can I learn to respect my mother more.?
Ever yell at a complete stranger? if so, why?
what do u look for in a person as a mate?
question??
Why do women stay in abusive relationships?
who is the  best goal keeper on Germany 06?
what is sex?
which is the poorest country?
what are the differences between a computer network and LAN?
what is my 12-04-2006 Horoscope?
Wich is one social issue u feel strongly about?
No sound after newly installed hard drive?
What makes you feel powerful ~ in a good way?
How do you remove an operating system from your computer ?
what are your all-time 10 movies ever?
How do you feel about christianity?
How often should I go to tanning salon guys?
Can anybody identify these Celebs?
How are quaterback ratings determined?
Why does slowing your driving speed save gas?
Does anyone have any good studying methods?
how does rise or fall in interest rates affect stock mkt?
Who is James Atherton and what did he do?
what is a usb digital hub?
are you cuban?
where may i find free boxes for ebay-ers?
College class?
How long will C. Ronaldo be out of action?
Is there any weight loss product in the market that really works?
What's the name of your favorite snuff film?
ca you tell me what do you mean by networking?
Why do(we)anime fans dislike Disney?
Is zapotec still spoken in Oaxaca?
Looking for recommendations on penny stocks to swing trade?
which aviation school is the world best school of aviation?
Math Homework please help!!!?
What are the scope of journalism?
how do i crash my computer?
What gift do you get a college grad student?
What states offer year-round public schools?
Have you ever seen an angel?
How does Intelligent Design explain the existence of fossils?
the royal farm foods. can u find it?
about Anthropology?
who captained england to their 1996 world cup victory?
identify this footballer!?
How do I install fonts to Photoshop CS2?
Does anyone know anything about endocrinologists?
Why are we all "us gay people"?
When will Hawaii regain their independence?
where can I find news stories on Christopher Carter?
God is wonderful... don't you think?
Would this be a good first date?
how many c-sections are safe?
Are you closer to your mother or your father?
Why does gold stay preserved in deep sea water?
What is the most romantic city in the world to visit?
How can there be self-help groups?
what are off-shore trenches?
best diet pills with ephedrin or eloea?
Computationally fastest distance calculation algorithm?
how to fart in people mouth?
how to get a girl if is not interested in love?
Freedom Pass?
Which to use on fiGan2Redos?
does cracking your knucks give you arthritis?
I need sum help when racing with frends?
can u plz explain civil case and give examples?
my swim team needs a display board to show individual records.?
Has anyone here ever had a Near Death Experience?
free gay pron galleries?
What is your purpose of life?
who's the coach of French team?
Should there be a law concerning credit related lawsuits?
Who is the best player in NBA?
Did you know Yahoo Chat is gone?
what are some application software for computers?
Dou you drive everyday?
Best question ever!!!?
puppet songs for children?
Gay men , What are you looking for in a life Partner ?
any artillary guys, can you help?
Is a variogram a function depicting spatial correlations?
i need information about precast?
who decides what national anthem is first in a football match?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Net Conferencing?
should i get a laptop or a PDA?
political chat?
Are British 1st Div. rugby union clubs professional?
What does this symbol mean    :) is it spiritual???
Why Access displays #deleted cell in un-unique column?
what does think tank mean?
i have a hw question about CL?
What is the oldest city in the world?
Is there really such a thing as "career criminals"?
Can my landlord enter my apartment without notice?
what can i do with my best friend?
Sports question?
did you know? and what do you thnk about it?
why did they paint the stagecoach wheels yellow?
How do guys deal with break ups?
What are "asqueles"? (Spanish word)?
when does shotgun season for deer start and end?
what is power system security?
is it alright if a man has a suger moma?
GO ahead and insult me you loosers?
how can i get a guy who i love back?
is halloween celebrated in the philippines?
dont know name of song but is sung by Cliff Richards?
Country music web site page needed?
what is the road to zion?
Obesityb is it normal?
Who will become ny best friend....?
What do you LOVE about yourself?
i need money?
why there was a ban in the US on breast implants?
How to become a fire inspector?
what the meaning of nermeen?
Why does the U.S.  not allow same sex marriage?
did you see kurtlar vadisi IRAK?
who sang gone gone gone she's been gone so long ?
what is the protocol in DTMF caller id systems?
what is the telecommunication?
would you do this?
How do you stuff a turkey?
Does anyone know how to get a new birth certificate?
what is the great significance of Cinco De Mayo?
Condoms??????
Why do stocks go down when earnings are up?
Who sings this cumbia or tejano song?
Have you ever been snowmobiling?
what do i say about my family members dangerous myspace account?
What is Ajax software and what is so cool about?
Abnormal bleeding?
is anyone else outraged that we attacked Iraq?
Looking for a cluster simulator!?
how long does it take for cocaine to leave your system?
How do you know which arm rest is yours in a cinema?
why it gotta be this way??
What is a Principle of God?
Votre pronostic rugby ?
Who is the best player of Czech soccer team ?
HOW MUCH IS E70 in US currency?
What is a good hacker website?
Can someone come up with a slogan for my ATM company?
how can i get gmail?
wat is that thing which attracts the girl towards a boy?
Boarding School?
would you be offended if you were turned down by this guy?
Where can I get information on ancient Chinese porcelain?
is this movie good?
where is the weirdest place youve ever puked.?
Do you know how to make square bubbles?
thesis on "Virgin coconut oil: A Healing Power"?
Firefox 2 wont connect?
very funny!!!!?
What do you think about what is happening at Juventus Torino?
Best Point Guard?
What are advantages and disadvantages of holidays in high season ?
What is the most difficult piano work ever written?
How do I relieve depression?
Bush Vs bid laden in a fight who would win?
how could technology effects modern society?
How does ronald reagan link to the cold war?
Joke/Riddle?
girls only?
what are esoteric and exoteric thinkers?
Brain Teaser?
Why hasn't there been a woman president yet?
what is the growth of a plasmodium?
Is it gay for two guys to share a blow up doll?
wha sea is in the middle region of earth?
What are the dimensions of Formula 1 tires?
severe lumbar pain without past trauma?
Cyberparent?
where can i find a good fitness program?
Why ice cubes appears white when crushed?
What do you think about this?
what about love ?
high intensity or low intensity cardio?
What do you do when you first wake up in the morning?
Why is there such a difference in rainfall between Mumbai and Pune?
i need help with a word problem?
Best dance songs?
what is the function of the president and his cabinet?
HOW do i manage hicups?
Can someone help me out with this question?
what have scientist learned or discovered about molecules?
What do you think of Michael Moore?
Why should we ban whaling?
explain ''let it come down''from Macbeth?
How much do caddies make?
does on line degree makes any sense?
what tv  channel is # 1 in rating?
When will rap music die?
Why are women horrible to work for?
Will Sourav Ganguly make a comeback?
is autism considered an autoimmune disease?
Homosexuals, what if you are wrong?
Pain caused by endometriosis?
favorite cartoon?
Dropping crumped paper?
What do u think will happen to the US economy in 2006?
What is a freemasonry?
Doe anybody else in here get tired of racist comments?
What is the country Burma called today?
In your experience ice cream...?
Going through divorce and ...?
Did you show your ID to vote?
is it normal for my husband to communicate secretly with ex?
define applied research?
How do you get rid of love handels??
Are you familiar with dialidol.com?
Rug Rats...?
what is source ip address means?
Where the hell is King Kong's penis?
Do outgoing guys like shy girls?
does anyone use air alert, does it work?
is there a  permanent cure for depression?
How much weight can I lose running daily in 4 weeks?
what is criminal profiling?
when will the people reach peace in the whole world?
Do you live or do you exist?
why IM MSN  won't  work for some?
How can I find somebody that is in prison in North Carolina?
Is having a root canal really worse than having your tooth pulled?
Any one know anything on Harry Potter?
Which religion is right?
How do you determine who gets on th fortune lists?
Need help with a math problem, please!?
how can I connect with my printer at home -?
What is the temprature of a wood fire?
What happens to dogs that eat grapes?
A joke, Or a lesson?
can you explain this?
what is a good 12 birthday theme?
Jack Bauer Vs James Bond Vs Jim West?
do mosques teach arabic?
how long can a mans sperm live outside the penis?
Friendship Help please!!?
How does a water mill with a vertical turbine produce electricity?
Do you know the "Answers" rule of conduct?
Does anybody know where any ultimate avengers action figure?
Psychics, Please answer this question?
dsl service in san jose, ca?
Nitro girls?
im looking for somewhere i can report child porn?
How much does it costto be a highschool cheerleader?
pronostic ecija - real madrid?
Do men having nipples support the theory of evolution?
why do humans have back pain after sexual intercourse?
Besides invading Iraq, what would have been an alternative against terrorism?
website headers?
what are signs guys give girls that they like them?
How soon is too soon to share your phone number?
My final two, Brazil and England.?
help me solve this problem?
Please answer my question honestly...?
What's your favourite Bill Hicks gag/sketch/routine?
girls only. Im having boy problems can you help me?
Share files, Not Internet... on Router?
Lotus notes R5 archive problem?
what is more popular in England, football or rugby?
In what month does hurricane season begin?
Does Pluto the planet have any nicknames?
how to improve memory at 32 yrs ?
What exactly is St. Patrick's day all about?
what is love?
What is your Favorite Baseball and Basketball Team?
Why should steroids be allowed in professional sports?
Which Galaxy has the least stars per Unit volume?
What is an inexpensive and upcoming stock to invest into?
how to write the chinese alphabet?
Is he to old for me?
Is Egypt also a part of Middle-east countries?
How to memorize a third of a page fast?
after boot camp?
how do you become a sexually domineering woman outside?
who is the richest soccer player?
How do you spell oui in French?
At what time will Brazil play tomorrow??
why do men are so worried  about there size?
which is your favorite musical instrument?
Walk this way?
are oysters good for you? elaborate please.?
What to do when the police go bad?
im feeling down now anyone can cheer me up?
should they be together after having different ages.?
advise#2!4 lil cuz!?
wny can i not find a job?
why is Ottawa,On so damp all the time?
I need in chemistry?
which are the best music download sites?
I need help how to date after 21 years of marriage?
What type of movies do you like to watch?
how long does it take to get marijuana out of your system?
whats best to were at a dance?
why do father doubt girls when they date other boys?
Guys does this turn you on....?
What education and training do I need to become a sports agent?
Nclex exam strategy tips, tricks?
what jack off effect the body?
What is the SI unit of work?
what are the first warning signs of colon cancer?
is there any young boys out there wanting someone to talk to?
Can Ghana Beat Brazil?
Anyone have time to help me to do a e-book?
Have you ever spat in your palm?
hoe can i get rid off site filtering?
what is the name of this song and who sings it?
Is it possible for kobe to go for a 100?
do you secretly..?
Where can I find magic Squares and there solutions?
Don't you think so many things are laughable?
What navy rank is AW I???
where can i find powerpoint presentations on the theme of peace?
Do Men really have multiple orgasms?
What is the difference between non denominational Christianity and Catholics?
how to make more money?
What is a gap year?
Can some one help?
Credit Delinquencies?
tips of balancing chemical equations?
Why is abbreviation such a long word?
Is Ryan Schekler single??
I need a 3 page summary on the movie Purple Rain?
What's the best position to sleep in?
What is the step by step manufacturing process of automotive grease?
Where do I buy the best cheese online?
what do you think about stereotypes?
Can I delete my account from Paypal?
This is not a joke but a true question?
what size is a fenced in tennis court?
450 euros is how much in american money??
who makes the best fashion statements?
why do you think we went into Iraq?????
Doyle ? Protect our country or our Daughters?
Coins and Banks?
What do you think...?
What happen to Watford FC v Millwall?
Would you consider a marriage of convenience just to get married?
Is Bush proof that with money and connections anyone can be president?
feet conversion to metre?
Are you fully stitched?
restaurant standard operating procedures?
is it safe to download macro media.inc?
Do you believe bad things happen in threes?
What shall I do? I am in Job dilemma.?
What is a free program that i can see my house live?
LOTR trilogy...?
why should private schools enforce uniforms???
Jamend up finger?
Does God Exist?
Who would win this?
Question about Lactose Intolerance?
what's the meter used in this poem?
How does the food vacuole form?
How do you count in roman numerals?
Can a space ship come to a dead stop in space?
Is google talk the most stupid messenger ever?
Why can people not debate this intellectually?
English essay help!!!?
What should I get a college student for Christmas?
what does strong side let side mean?
what is the most effective way to project manage an advertising campaign?
mineral help!!~~~?
What is the hardes thing about dating?
Michael Richards?
Once a cheater, always a cheater?!?
How was the world influenced by Edmond Halley?
what is the Brazilian Renaldo's first name?
Is there a place where I can learn shorthand online?
how to trouble shoot DHCP?
Where should I invest my money?
Why do so few Americans vote?
Do casual dress codes improve workplace morale?
Can anyone help me with my quantum mechanics assignment, please?
disgusting question, sorry :(?
I am a investor, lets network?
Why does heat rise?
how do you get better control of the ball?
A ballistics/force question.?
Is dad a proper noun? If so, when?
Why should Turkey be allowed into Europe?
Does some one knows how fast food restaurant expenses are distributed?
Why are American black folks so overly sensitive?
why exactly did police kill that black guy in new york?
Are ``scare quotes'' a form of sarcasm?
Why are mathematicians so fabulous in bed?
Who watches Chukie?
How can I get a job?
Did anyone know that males are just modified versions of females genetically?
who is the 6th best player in the NFL?
Do animal lovers support illegal aliens?
What  do you give a man for valentines day?
Are the Jews are God's chosen people?
how do I make my penis longer?
happy life?
what is your favorite object?
is adenine an amino acid?
Why are some fresh water pearls dark purple or almost black ?
has anyone seen the movie Jackie Brown??
what is minimum temperature at which a chemical reaction can occur?
genus Pelopides?
My fellow most intelligent Republicans?
how to build the wall?
What are possible remedies for sleep apnea?
Will we discover life forms on another planet in our life time?
Will norwich beat the odds?
immigration rules?
how do you convert an odd percentage to a fraction?
What could it be?
So did you like Steve Nash's hair cut?
Difference between xcopy and Windows Copy?
Do you pluck or wax?
Intelligent Design vs. Evolution: Why is it an issue?
where can i find confrence brackets on the web?
printable lesson revelation 12:?
read this joke...#2?
why does this place not have paintball listed under sports?
Is there anyway to download anime avis?
good madden NFL 2006 cheats?
Will someone explain this quote by Brown?
do you like the movie the ringer?
what is OB at the end of a ticker symbol?
Do you think that all women are inherently bisexual?
help me with a question about abs?
when was kleenex invented?
Why do people hate British Police so much?
what is the mean of Kasanova??
Home Schooling Help?
How many people up here got a myspace?
has anybody seen farscape?
What do you think about Tent Cities for Prisoners?
what are some really cool website's to go on?
I would like phone numbers for Yahoo support?
how do I delete items from my search box?
Fantasy Basketball?
what is useful in chrysophyta?
Original Law & Order episode scene ending?
gotta ask this again?
if you had 1 wish. what would you wish for ?
teachers salary in uk?
Who will win American Idol?
What is Ice tempering?
school having tamil as one of the language?
I have this friend......?
Can I have any girlfriends if I am a bit fat?
How long does it take to be processed by US Immigration?
does smarties contain beattle skin on the outside?
if democrats hate soldiers...?
Can anybody suggest websites with solid information about textiles in general?
How multistage pump works?
how do you feel about Charmed ending?
I have five days to lose about 2 pounds is it possible?
how do you post surveys on myspace?
please i would like many answers! to my many questions?
is dravid's leadership faulty?
what's the word for expenses for running a business?
is there is a muslim celebrities ?
How does an RPG/Bazooka destroy a tank?
why there are schools for business ?
Who else thinks South Park kicks a s s?
how can you get a record expugged?
Question to Non-Americans:  What do you think of Americans?
Why are the republicans?
Muslims, I have a serious question for you?
what is life?what are we here for?
What are Haiti's views on human cloning?
What are the factors that influence the location of industry?
who got voted off american idol tonight march 29 2006?
who is John bernard Henry?
Why can't we vote to not have a president?
Who is the best right offensive tackle in the NFL?
Help with the Periodic table, please?
nude stills?
which was the country where josefh conrad born?
Why do flies rub their legs together?
Will anyone date me?
I have dry lips?
Tell me this one..?
hey just a general question?
Good Grad School for Politics??
what is the average IQ for a 13 year old?
What is the name of the song and the artist?
effects of violent music lyrics to the youth.?
Greek Mythology?
What is the best Antivirus(your idea)?
what can i do when im bored??
does anybody know "Jose Aganon?
Is he really in love with me?
How come pigs are pigs until they die then they are pork?
why are school employees so messey?
could screws be stained in soda?
Is Sarah Jessica Parker really a man?
hardest bone in human body?
problem for math?
who won last nights game? suns or clippers?
Can you tell me how much is 5'10 in meters?
why is the sky blue?
Kentucky...is it really an uneducated state?
To start a commercial site based of my ideas...?
What happens when you report someone for abuse in Yahoo! answers?
How can I be better healthy while living w/ diabetes?
obviously obvious but too late?
I have a serious problem here, please only serious answers.?
tell me a dumb law.?
How much does a ticket for the super bowl cost?
When did the moon form?
wat does range mean in mathematic?
Science project on cameras?
watchtower magazine?
i want to be big?
what is an acceptable bar mitzvah present?
define tamiouchos?
are u scared of...?
Laptop help !?
Is oxygen deficiency the cause of my headache?
whats the name?
Are there any women that have considered being intimate with other women?
March 1,  2006  Harry Browne died.?
how to get popcorn.com off?
What is the most interesting youtube video regarding religion?
Answer fast!?
Should there be a special minimum wage for teenagers?
Who builds ethanol plants?
what does it mean to testify in court?
how do i know what server my web hosting company is using?
Who are the top 100 players in mlb draft?
Who was the most sincere President of the USA??
Banking Laws?
How tall is 5 ' 7  ?
Somewhere I can WATCH Free movies online?
why is my account saying it is temporary disabled?
what kind of exercese do you like to do ?
could your ex be your friend?
Why Are people who go to church a lot so mean?
eating/brushing teeth after wisdom teeth extraction?
Who else in here is a Kansas City Chiefs fan?
Do you think Nascar is a joke?
how to get sex fom a girl?
How can i get halo 2 font on my computer?
What is the story of king arthur?
Whats faster the speed of light or the speed of sound?
what do you think "others" are here for?
What are my chances to play high school, college golf?
What is 6 squared times negative 9 times 16?
is space really your best remedy?
Can graduate students transfer to another graduate school?
Help me plss?
Why do i have to go to school?
who is charles martel?
why do I have to dial 1 for english?
Religion questions?
why do you horn dogs like lesbians ?
anyone can tell me about the best websites???
Are paralegal internships always unpaid positionS?
Evolutionists/atheists: What was the beginning?
Whats your view on porn?
How can I access the internet on my laptop?
What means recession?
how can i text someones cell phone from my computer?
What would cause your gums to turn white?
who is this guy??
How awesome where the English Cubs last night?
Killing a baby and killing an elderly?
How do you spell relief.?
How does chocolate math work?
penis trouble, part. 2?
Poll: What happens after death?
Why was Solomon blessed with so much wisdom in 1 Kings?
How can I understand English movies?
Does anyone know minimum width of a driveway?
who is khomeyni?
Who am I and what was my birth name?
Do all homosexuals have bad relationships with there fathers?
whose a better goalie? ROli of Fuhr?
What is the hottest website for finding jobs in California?
what are the purpose, objective and goal of performing percussion?
Is this strange? psychologist please answer?
True Or False?
who here wants to entertain me and tell me a story?
Australians Only?
long distance?
What to do?
who is Amjad Hannoneh?
do i get free down loads with my new DSL?
with who u got first kiss ? when ? how ?
Can ocean salt water fishes survive in fresh water ?
prayer partners?
After coming to US why i am so depressed?
sexy ladies only please?
How does sodium pentathol work?
Was there any famous scientist or biologist believe in a God?
who is the highest payed player in the NFL?
What is your favorite movie, AND tv show  why?
What is better hockey or basketball?
whats the deal with reality television?
english quiz?
california lawsuit statue of limitations?
How often do you shower or bathe?
how drugs effect the human behavior?
Is it time to retire the Johnson?
how to text my friends anywhere?
Can I find Chapter 13 disharges free online?
how do you add pictures to your apple ipod?
can anyone recommend a good online stock broker?
How can I do to get the girl that i like?
Why intelligent design?
What, exactly, is happening to our blue planet?
Do you think Church of Scientology is Elitest?
how many days does a chicken pout her eggs?
Dale Earnhardt race cars calenders?
How much does Ovechkin rock?!?
help? i feel so alone.?
Im trying to find pictures of indiana sex offenders?
What does oregano leaf contain which kills bacteria?
Interest Calculation 3?
What is Satelite tv and how does it work?
How could children be the assets of the nation?
what is meant by the term "kelp"?
What shall I have for lunch ?
wat song is better tempeture or ridin?
How many people feel Britney can make a come back?
Can Turkey Be Left Out Overnight?
Can custom wheels be as good as the machine made?
What gets rid of unwanted hair for ever?
Most payed basket ball player?
whats up with my printer can anyone help?
married to two?
Where to get started with eBusiness?
Is an increased heart rate (above 100) normal in pregnancy?
What happened to Bobby Brown?
How many friends do you have???
How well will Oklahoma University do this season in basketball?
should I sais yes or no and my friend?
how do u turn of copyright protection??
why does the eagle hold arrows on the back of the quarter?
Why do I get goosebumps?
What was the character's real name?
popular stock for daytrade today?
describe an individual learning plans for a child with high ability?
tell me something about Adam?
how to loose weight?
Is touching yourself wrong?
questions about the house of reps. and senate?
help w/ parents?
does anyone know how to go on myspace at school??
who is at 800.414-4361?
Tempe, AZ?
What is another nickname for Mr. Johnson?
Can you suggest some good music download sites that charge?
Where did you (married people) go on your honeymoon?
what radioactive materials are used in medical radiation?
What is the diiferance between a major and minor prophet?
what is the difference between acute and chronic dementia?
Do you love yoie animes or yuri animes ?
What's a good antivirus program for Windows Me.?
What is Dhoni's secrete of success?
Why does the higher road always seem so much harder?
what drugs contain pyrazoles?
which anime shows you watch?
what is a parsec?
tell about your experience?
WHO ARE THE MVP CANDIATEs NOW?
where can i get litmus paper?
Which college graduated the most US presidents?
What are some good sites that sell skater clothes?
How to clean my sony VAIO laptop monitor?
Who were the first people to climb the top of mount Everest?
what are the 13 rules of Zohar?
How many women cheated at their Bachelorette Party?
How do i open a can of worms ?
what's the annual salary of a game designer?
What are the best stretches to do before a golf game?
What is??????
Big Love fans don't be shy?
who is dayan grotowski?
what is something that makes you wierd?
adidas Mens T-Mac 1?
what tobacco contains?
why alkali metals are powerful reducing agent?
what is shareware and freeware?
im kinda stressed....?
Which type of engineers get paid most??
who will win the nba championship next year?
Musical SOS?
what is the best kind of support i can give?
Sagi......?
what is the integral for secant?
What is "The Amazing Race" ?
What is a full moon?
I need help scoring the situation below?
new millennium bank phone number?
How do the rich avoid or reduce their taxes?
Does anyone have a brain or any control on the Internet?
what is the best calorie burning workout?
How long would it take to become a seventh grade science teacher?
another word for wanker?
What is the best laptop brand out there?
why do people choose to be republicans?
What should I do with my affair and with my marriage?
Why does a retard's tongue always stick out?
What can I do to get curves?
Will anyone help me learn...?
Is there a cure for atherosclerosis??
What country was Roberto Baggio's wife born?
Guess the movie!?
how can you find someones full criminal background for free?
i recently asked a question about americans obsession with guns?
Suffering from Scoliosis, advised surgery.?
What would happen if monkeys ruled the world?
What type of computer program is windows?
Pam in Borat Movie?
explain God?
did you know what the date USA beat England in 1950?
what is the climate/land in the middle colonies?
Does anyone really like the new American Idol?
I lost my traffic tickets and want to find them?
why are my buttocks wicked hairy?
What's to celebrate on this Presidents Day?
Why does Bolo Zenden get into the Liverpool team?
How can I tell a guy that I like him?
what is 1950s franchise restaurants and stores about?
How do you know when someone is a hard worker?
what is stratosphere?
do you have pictres of 2-d geometric shapes?
What are the "laws" for prank callers?
What do people do when they get cranky?
how are albumins separated from globulins?
chicago state university press website?
motels open late March and April in Bar Harbor Maine?
Balloon over rock in a pond?
where can i go to find all about horoscope?
do you agree with execution?
How can i find my friend Cassie Nabors Email?
How exactly does one become the commissioner of Base Ball?
Plessy vs. Ferguson?
can relationship between younger man & older woman work?
Italian men spelling mississippi?
how old is old?
entertainment & music?
House of Pain, MC Hammer, Vanila Ice?
Sex toy??????
when do you think the world will end?
How big is Ellis Island?
Who said this?
should i be scared about Armageddon or the Apocalypse??
2nd question!?!?!?
This one is for the ladies...?
best messenger?
Would all the children on this site please step forward?
How can I when back my girls heart?
Any one need a home loan?
What are the most annoying ...?
what are low glycemic index foods?
where can i download xbox games from?
If the bank goes bankrupt, where do they get a loan?
What do the colors in the American flag mean?
I am 17 and she is 16?
What is the "evening star" in the SE sky now?
what is prolactaine?
Am I crazy? serious answers only!?
what is Carson Palmer Full name?
Does anybody watch Coronation street??
who is the shortest serving US politician?
who is the hottest person answering this?
Hitler Question?
what is the culture of america ?
how many more men are there in the world than woman?
what does 'sideways eight' mean?
chinesse symbols?
How can I find and locate someone for free online ?
what is 15 kilo's in pounds?
i need a sample letters on extension of probation period?
what does that mean?
what is a "scholarly article"?
eyelid bloodblister-ish thing?
IT'S a brand new day why not enjoy it?
What type of physiotherap required for CP child?
how good is basketball game on t.v.?
What is metacognitive thinking?
What do you usually buy in dollar store?
how big should my butt be?
Can I get a more romantic line??
Can anyone recommend a antivirus program?
allen iverson gets no playtime in his game?
Who thinks Paris Hilton is a lesbian?
Matching for different chemical laws?
Are there...?
Why do bulls charge at red cloth?
How do you leave someone who won't let you go?
where are all the good lookin' women?
Is their any place for terror in Islam?
What is the strangest name you have heard ?
Is it really so bad to date your roommate?
I need help anybody multiple choice. The writing process?
can i get the history of microsoft company?
What do you think of Ville Valo?
Determine an instance number in excel?
Hearing Aids?
how many hours do you spend, using the internet daily?
Is Jesus still in his Fleshly Body?
are u single?
Police Department?
what is the definition of diplomatic relations?
what is the different between down loading and up loading?
What is the name of the person who sues in court?
how does Australian football differ from American and Canadian football?
are there any natural ways to remove aluminum from the brain?
how many aluminum pop cans does it take to make one pound?
Which is your preferred day of the week? Any reason?
who winENGLISH FA Cup?
How have the ideals of America changed since 1776?
Do you know anyone with the last name Cachine?
What is the US doing in Iraq?
Are you narcissistic?
Would you vote for a Non-Christian President?
Good FREE site for blogging?
Seismic Wave question.?
how can i check my pc speed?
how does a squid reproduce?
The Qyian taught him thus?
*~*Whats your school Masscot*~*?
the state of black America today?
sex issues!!!?
Is the name Lonnie short for something?
foxboro stadium?
Is the story of Exodus real?
whats unique about lake champlains basin watershed?
Are you good with words???
What is a "horse shoe" hair cut?
HELP me!!...?
non profit organisation in india?
is a scorpion an arachnid?
What is your favorite submission hold to see?
why the girls are flirting?
How many languages exist in india?
how do you take scratches off a watch face?
where is a good place to get married in North Carolina?
what is a steam room for?
what team does Rafael palmero play for?
which are the best kind of unique careers for a commerce student?
if i install two sound cards will i have any problems?
how do you know your self?
Are Italians also Caucasians ?
what do u think I look like ?
Is that true that Muslims?
Becoming an anesthesiologist!?
how do you make saltwater drinkable?
How are you?
What word is a compound with pen mate ground time?
I really need some advice on how to join medical school.?
Did Barry Bonds use steroids?
Do you think Mark Wahlberg is hot?
made right choice????
what is the point of the first scene in macbeth?
What can i do with an MBA?
how old was the youngest billionare?
How does FIFA choose the venue for the World Cup?
Who will win the FIFA World Cup 2010 in South Africa?
what is a hymen?
how do u get red of swimmers ear?
where can i find a picture of houston summers?
cordless mouse suddenly not working in windows xp installed system?
How can I find Kendal Finley?!?!?
My chemical romance or H.I.M.?
where is نانسي  nude bluetooth?
An unknown syndrome, any ideas? help please?
anyone know the site??
Do you know about dentistry?
Ugliest footballer?
Who is the leader of Australia?
how do i know if i did well in an interview?
what is a labret?
complete breakfast?
Do YOU Exist?
guilt prollems?
how many industrial zones in jordan?
what topics do guys want to discuss with girls?
I need advice!!?
what do you think is the most important thing in life?
Why do people use avatars?
considering breaking up with girlfriend?
does erotic howling makes a man ejaculate faster?
role of the society in protecting the environment..?
do you need a license to become a mortgage loan officer?
What is the capital of libya?
Can depression be genetically inherited?
what is the spanish for (little war)?
How do I open a Sports Complex?
What is Snoring and how it can be cured.?
POP address to link a web based email to Outlook?
which one holds better screws or nails?
what is your favorite s3xual position?and why?
how should i commit suicide?
Can anyone name the film described below???
self employment?
who is the scariest horror character and why?
Who is seated on the left hand of God the Father?
What is an ethernet card?
in bowling who had a 900 series for league play 3 games?
whats the best way to unblock a toilet?
What are the meanings of...?
Is 11PM PST Sportscenter live or tape delayed?
administrative discharge from the military?
Why don't more US citizens vote on election day?
Nuclear reactor core questions?
how to make your own autograph?
Computer problem!!! Please help???
Does anyone really care about global warming?
Was Saw 1 & 2 just as gross as Saw 3?
Do guys like short girls?
does grounding your car improve performance and fuel milage?
Can yeast infections be caused by pregnancy?
How Many Kids is too many for your girlfriend to have?
Adware - new user not sure how to use it?
how a fuel cell work?
what is a thread of execution?
What are match heads made of ?
how to get rid of?
Rights for the accused protect all people. Comments anyone?
Why is the other side of the pillow always cool?
where do you find out about bands?
How can I tell my boyfriend?
do you ever.....?
Show me the ways to get Fast Tax Refund?
can somebody give me a fat or stupid joke?
Favorite sport?
How do i lose weight?
Does anybody know what "Phlish" means?
What causes symptoms of syphilis?
Funny or dorky?
How can I learn Esperanto easily and quickly?
is simon cowell HOT?
how can you heel your hurt ankle?
Who makes the best cymbals?
How can I tell if someone has blocked me on AIM?
does bust enhancing exercise work?
How deep is deepness?
Is anyone using flash 8 to its full potential yet?
How do wireless networks work in NYC?
Sheherazade's movements?
what do i do when my sister comes out of the closet?
How does Magnesium effect muscle function?
How to talk someone into coming into the Army?
Falling objects generator?
what rings your bell?
how can i open up to people instead of keeping quiet?
Statisticians: SPSS or STATA?
openings in mFG/PRO erp?
Is angola a good country to live and work?
How many different living beings could exist according with  the dna?
Can the new Windows Media Player10 work on windows 98?
what is the market that tescos operates in?
What is a lort?
Student job in Japan ?
have you gotten a brazilian wax....?
Alternative School Needing Input?
who is good political leader?
does anyone like swimming???
Anyone get depressed from job searching?
What brand of computer would you buy?
Saddam   Or  Clinton?
help with a stopped up ear?
Are equipment leasing limited partnerships a good investment?
convert 3.36 million and 1.56 millions into digits?
how can I protect titanium of oxydation?
why did you bury your pets when they die???
Does anybody know of any sites for College help???
CAn you use 32 bit games on a 64 bit processor?
A Smart Blonde Joke?
Why should I go to church?
will anybody like to be my friend?
As a group, who has a stronger influence on our government?
whats the average wait to get into charter skool?
whats march madness?
Ok I gave him a note but?
How did shingles get it's name?
does anyone know the meaning of life?
how do you know you are in love?
Tax efficiency in Solo medical practice?
Want to learn more about Arabs and Muslims?
does mahendra singh dhoni have a girlfriend?
Would u prefere 2 be an only chid?
My answer is about  California  law?
why am i afraid with my stepdad?
What are Baha men?
what is a personification poem?
how do ienable yahoo dropdown bar?
why we show charge by q?
How can i log onto yahoo with zone alarm pro?
I cannot get my email on this computer?
how do you make money from naked pictures of your self?
why is TV static black and white and not color?
Did you enjoye the Celtic game tonight?
when was the modern day calender created?
would you go out on your husband?
Is there such thing as air resistance without friction?
Can anyone else move your teeth?
♥Can I get a growth spurt before Thanksgiving?
if you were God for one day, what would you do?
For smokers.?
Algerbra solving equation qn 4?
Why girls wear bra? what is it purpose?
As anyone tried slim quick?? Does it work???
Nanotechnology?
how much an hour does lowes pay starting?
really imposible?
anrchy the best form of gov't?
Where can I download forms for FAFSA financial help?
At what age should a teenage boy start shaving?
Ingrown toenail questions.?
Is there a way to undo a vaporization?
i need some good advice for someone with bipolar?
what if you.....?
find the product of the denominators...?
When do you give up on a relationship?
Do you think that catholics believe in God?
How is solar energy important to Canda?
Does anyone here actually Wrestle/Fight/Grapple?
What is the music from Nacho Libre entitled?
Tell how to make the perfect online Cv?
whats this shape called its  like an half triangle?
Why do so many people like playing pool on yahoo?
Anyone have advice before i used my VA home loan?
anyone have yahoo messenger? or a christian?
What Does a Golf Club Membership Include?
where can i find classified ads for work at home jobs?
Music Program?
do you know anything about pakistan?
Who do you think will win the world series?
Trapezoids?
what is ur most romantic moment?
Does anyone like The Offspring?
Which Cartoon Character would you trust repairing your automobile?
s it ok having sex 5x a week?
Who is d best soul singer?
Who are Constitituents?
what the heck?
Where is Dustin Slade going to?
Need info on hip hop song of Will Smith...?
rent a flat without a job?
if u fail in your college exams what to do?
operating theatre lighting ventilation and temperature control?
photos of canadian military armoured tanks.the leopard ii?
So what is the answer?
rue p are you okay?
Anybody voting for Mayor Nagin?
Illegal Immagrants?
What should I study to be a doctor?
is there any website i can watch the world cup match live?
Round 1!! Callisto vs Silver Fox?
When did Tucson, Arizona become a city?
name of the teams in round 16 of wm 2006?
How fast is the Space Station moving overhead in MPH?
why should i abstain from sex really?
How to stop boyfriend from being jealous?
Is the graph correct?
How radioactive is plutonium?
would a guy do this??
Is Marijuana Legal in Amsterdam?
Where can you get LSD?
in which ways can you prevent negative transfer?
Can Angola pass the groups ?
how many wins does Greg Maddux have?
Where will Ben Wallace go once hes a free agent?
Printer Problems?
Is talking online to someone a form of cheating?
Why did Thomas Jefferson want to buy the city of New Orleans?
where can i watch scary movie 2 online??
what does off side rule in football mean?
How can i find job in the UK?
How do I answer this one?
should i get a job?
Is it bad if you date alot of guys?
Does anyone make a body scrub using acorns?
freewebs help?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
how do you know that you have met the right girl?
how old am i ?
Who do u like better Prince William or Prince Harry.?
Can I lose 50 lbs by September?
what is the national symbol for nursing?
how long does it take to learn skiing ?
how can i get my guy friend to ask me out?
I eat too much chocolate what should  I do?
why we declared war ,causes,who were allies and enemies?
how to get flat stomach?
when did Kaziranga National Park established?
how meny mca colleges in hyderabad?
what do you call people from New Zealand? New Zealanders?
how did the dinosaurs die out?
White after labour's day??
What do fossils give people?
stomach cramps?
girl problems.  (need help).?
Free Tutoring Service From Your Church?
What is the maturing period of humming birds?
why want he call me?????
What happenned to The Artist Formerly Known as Prince?
why did stephen w. hawking become a scientist?
can you survive on love alone?
Why are people in this world so material?
What is a 4 letter word for an Australian parrot?
what is the capital of Thailand?
Still dont think Eli Manning is any good?
sorry a blonde joke?
How long did Gil Johnson play basketball for the San Antonio Spurs?
e-radio?????????
Can you remember when you first fell in love ?
what constitute profit in business?
strange pains?
Is a relationship about love or sex?
Questions about Islamic law, in Islamic countries?
how do you get rid of a runny nose?
Disconnect of service?
Is any one else frightened?
is our economy and government based on capitalism now?
What makes the beautiful images in nebulas?
The function of the eardrum in the middle ear is to?
What are the characteristic of an F1 driver?
what ever happened to Clay Walker?
Why Yahoo is better than Google?
What is exponentional smoothing in series times ?
what will happen when tin cans are heated?
Can somebody help me rip a video off of the web?
looking for boot camps  for kids in canada age 8?
What can U do If someone cast an evil spell on you?
does anyone know who sing this song?
Does JetBlue airlines offer a military discount?
how can i find out if i have a felony ?
Will allergic conjunctivitis damage my eyesight?
How to correlate the amount of water to its speed?
What do you think about the all new Yahoo! Talent Show?
Didn't they just discover a new planet?
how many provinces in Pakistan?
Wife peaked her ugly head back into my life...?
i want speak english good ?
free online dating sites?
What is your definition of a cult?
What is the Quadratic Formula?
what is big leauge chew?
best friend and ex bf?
why can't i find love?
The cancer sign???
Which major league baseball player who wore a fraction as his number?
Who is the Best of the Best And Worst of the bad?
can one guide me abt courses after 12th in science stream?
wht is ethernet?
what is the meaning of Charles?
when does EST take effect?
numbers that win most often in the lottery?
What's the easiest way?
how can I change the FAT 32 into NTFS?
Do all country's  celebrate Labor Day and when?
are these suicidal thoughts normal????
what is upward creep?
What is omnimine.com's corporate address?
How do I terminate a corporation?
Where can I find EPH200 diet pills?
What is Saturn 1 contribution?
Why are some Americans so ignorant?
My true Soul Mate?
best animated movie?
why is john kerry so stupid?
vice president of nigeria Atiku Abubakar?
What time exactly does spring start?
what is hydrocarbon?
What African team is the best so far?
Italy will loose tommorow!!!?
how can u.....???
What was the big announcement that Troy Aikman made today?
i need help?
Can you please help me???
age difference?
what did George Washingtons oath say?
client vs. customer?
1st Graders School project..?
2 part question on age,?
Is anyone else sick of all the dating advice questions?
what channel is tna wrestling on (when)?
What programming language is used to create a mmorpg?
Narcissism or Narcissistic?
Why do athelets participate in sport?
Whites in The nfl?
GOD or UFOs? which is more believable?
How do you delete a document off microsoft word?
Intimacy Issue Update?
4 Way Elimination Match?
who is your favorte footballer from all over the world?
How do I start my own trucking company?
I need to connect to another computer. How is this done?
How much do you think A company would settle for on this?
Who do you think will be the next president eh?
Is this a madame?
Girls...what do you consider a serious relationship?
solve by using the test point method?
this is the reason of my divorce,remember my question??
how do i deep throat?
meaning of declaration?
What is Jazz?
What kind of computer could $1000 dollars buy in 1995?
what do u think of birds?
What is your favorite animal?
im iraqi what do you want to say to me?
how do you convert to and from moles?
Does the Jewish faith believe Jesus Christ was the messiah?
Do you use the Brimardon System ???
This woman should be president of the world.?
How do you perceive yourself?
where do I fill out the form for workmans comp?
Wasn't Kerry's comment embarassing?
What is socio linguistics?
Will anyone help?
Calculus question involving a dog.?
Who would win in a fight Achilles or Gladiator?
Do you know the representation of the Canadian flag?
Which country you like more: Switzerland or France?
Scroll Comments on MySpace???
how can i improve my volleyball surve??
put gameboy advance games on a psp?
Do you live by a motto?
dietary intake of most beggars?
advice needed?
determine  the measure of an interior angle of a squre.?
What the heck is this?
whats the best kind of music?
what is the greatest change you made in your life and why?
how do you stop a female stalker?
Should I break up with him?
What makes me so hot?
Column A and Column B?
how technology can support mission organization?
Am I gonna finish my yearbook project in time?
Blonde ...2?
how do we reinstall the operating system?
How did you do today on your Mid-term exams?
what is the meaning of hard carbon steel pipe?
Superstition question?
How do you know when you're ready for marriage?
how much do teachers in england get a year?
what are the characteristics of delivery in public speaking?
DO guys not like fat women?
what's the function of the urinary system?
blondes or brunettes????
Is there any information on hypothyroidism?
what music would you reccomend for a garden party?
My coach doesn't even see me?
seron jacobs vs Ottawa Hills Police department?
can obesity cause baldness?
What were the plate boundaries of the Lisbon Earthquake?
Why mosquitoe sounds irritates us?
being gay?
Top 10 states with NFL players.?
anyone who knows?
How many corners do the ball have?
how to join the chat messangers?
Should I divorce my pilot husband?
Home equity line of credit, good or bad ?
How much would a Advanced Communications Technology Satellite cost.?
USB port and pendrive?
Why do the brits hate the americans so much?
Need Cash For Personal Use?
What is my name?
What is cut off time in engines?
Where do you hang your Christmas stocking?
who is the president of the united states?
Can not open Internet Explorer without getting an error message.?
what area of mathematics is Kelly Miller known for?
Waiting for him to decide...?
Is this appropriate?
a list of benefits of quiting smoking?
My friend just found out she has diabetes...?
Creative ways to tell family you're pregnant?
Who are the Arabs of Sudan exactly?
why do people hate tzigans lol?
3 companies that have alliances together?
what is the official website of M Night Shyamalan?
Is it at all possible to drop a bomb big enough?
Where can i download johnny quest episodes from the net?
what is peace building?
Do you know any good PCA christian colleges?
What coloured Christmas tree do you like best?
what is french cohabitation?
Do crooked soccer players on the take get kick-backs?
How can I introduce my company's products of shoes?
can I melt many erasers to make one big one?
Can you consume alcohol while taking antidepressants?
Help!!!???
what is tendonitis?
how to best profit from globalization?
How to clean quartz crystals?
Are the NFL schedulers doing this on purpose?
to Females...?
How can I learn English online?
And what will you say about the hyper-sexualism?
who is the elected official of Corpus Christi, Texas?
science experiments for 7th class?
y do they give u juice and cookies after donating blood?
Why is grain flow important in a forged metal?
What is your lucky number (s)?
How can America better protect itself against terrorism?
Saddam Hussain. Hero or villain?
Do California Wills have to be notorized?
retreiving my property after a sheriff sale.?
What about Ben?
Who sailed to the Cape of Good Hope?
Build Boyfriend's Confidence?
How can I warm up the surface of my body?
Has ne one heard of weight lost patches? Do they work?
what kinds of food are eaten in Sweden?
what are some political events in the 1980'?
institutes teaching different languages?
How can I conquer my fear of rejection?
Which is the most peaceful country?
Black Eyed Peas?
7mm vs 300 WSM?
how should i hack a website??????
How to propose a handsome boy on april1st?
WHICH 1 Is THE BEST?
Do u beleive in angels?
why the Americans are the foolish nation around the world?
How can you defend yourself in a car?
Should Yahoo  ban minors from accessing Yahoo Answers?
how should i setup outlook in roaming profiles?
What are people most strongly against?
whats wrong w/my computer?
has anyone ever taken a drug called amytriptylin?
Need to find Floor software by Entrophy?
anyone know how I can become a movie star?
i am getting a tattos?
What are some good practices in the laboratory ?
Have you hosted a foreign exchange student in your home?
i cant figure out my crazy albanian boss?
Is trigonometry a part of our life?
why do men think that size is so important??
When is the right age to get a tattoo?
What should i do?
Is there such a disease called GM Beret?
Who doesn't agree with the Islam religion?
How did you propose to your spouse?
how can I ace the SAT&TAKS?
i got a deep cleaning/scaling done any advice?
were is a icecream truck game?
what are other ways to get herpes?
childrens Hospital weakeness?
what are the chances?
Has Anyone Reported Human Like Aliens?
where/what site i can send free mms?
About JSP Servlets?
Who would win: The Birdman or The Cat?
i d like to marry english girle?
i dont get it ..?
can i download a free power point off the internet?
kisspeptin?
What are some good sources of reliable information on Area  51?
O.K  this is my deal?
bipolar brother...?
Nigerian Scammers?
6th sense info?
I have a question about Google Earth?
what biggest falsehood  which you have conduct?
relativity?
Should Ancient ruins be preserved in the arena of war?
should iran be banned from continuing its nuclear project?
why do boys jackoff?
how do you think of insider and outsider ?
Why does this happen?
New LAX member?
What would you change about the United States and why?
What constitutes a crime scene?
Which soccer player won 3 honors in the same tournament?
hey do u know what it is?
Does my crush..like me 2??
what is the difference between a epidemic and a pandemic?
Why did Yahoo! name itself Yahoo?
Who REALLY hates the Duke Blue Devils?
AIDS,does it truly exist?
Electrical Engineering?
Should the Military Academies be closed?
I need a live in nanny--what agencies available?
do you believe in Jaime Maussan?
What type of attorney do i need?
are there any websites where i can make my own business?
Is baseball losing its popular edge?
how do you laugh?????
What classes will I need to get accepted into med school?
Unable to download Google Earth Free Version 4 (Beta).?
Why do so many women follow Christianity when....?
Is Kenny Chesney Gay?
Have you ever been abducted by aliens?
what can i do with an ms in accounting?
using broadband for more than one computer at the same time?
zero periods: good or bad?
how to print all the files from a folder in java?
name & details of all vessels registered in panama flag?
The Native Americans surpriesd Columbus by smoking what??
How can i stop sweating?
Is it possible to magnetize glass?
What does a afracan coconut crab look like?
Guys Only!.....How...?
guys only plz?
Is there a male contraceptive pill?
interpretation of Jesus' words?
What is Jupiter's surface like?
need help..algebra A?
the most incompetent president ever other the bush?
What is the dress attire in the country Colombia?
Antiguan, any one here?
Which is better?
friend help!?
What's the proces of splitting atoms called?
what mamkes a person cool?
physics behind standing broad jumps?
Do you think it is possible?
mkays another religous question?
Where can I get a list of gram-positive bacterias?
do u think?
How does your body prepar you for an emergency?
What are some common Flamenco chord progressions for the guitar?
who is the best diva and why?
wat 2 famous people should go out?
kogas company - Dubai website?
How to date lesbians...?
Complete this  and get 10 points.?
HMV Job appliation question!?
I am contemplating joining the military.?
will the steelers resign randle el?
what year did the the world start?
flag poles?
does smoking darken one's lips?
Where has this Dave Batista hype come from?
Who is the best actor in  india?
Who's ready to give up on the war on terrorism?
Are the Colts goin all the way this year?
What late show is the best?
Does anybody know the meaning of the name 'Onice'?
How come I can't open the new Yahoo browser?
didnt that terrorist leader look stupid on tv?
what's diamond powder. Is it natural or synthetic?
How do I repair scratched sunglasses?
What is the statue of limitations to collect a judgement in Indiana?
are people falling for Bush's tricks?
signs that your man is about to dump you?
Had Jim Rome decided on Free Radio or Satellite?
was there a time......?
What are macros?
Why girls are so crazy?
how do you earase search bar on yahoo net?
Will Argentina win against Germany??
Who likes family guy as much as me?
Are diamonds really a girls best friend?
what do you mean by food technology?
Where are all the 30ies stg men hiding?
What do you call it when?
how many pounds is there in 53kgs?
How bones are joined inside the body?
What do you think about foxnews?
What do you mean by administration?
Trying to get through highschool?
What does Dwade need to improve on his game?
How could I get him to notice me?
Invention/product idea?
How do you fight irritability?
What does Pi equal and what does it mean?
what is the origin of the valentine day?
What time of day does the outdoor temperature reach the highest point?
Tu Amor...what does it mean?
where are the best education systems in the world? why?
Non Chlorine treated swimming Pools in London.?
running from the military?
When are English schools off for mid term (around February)?
How Bout You, Nah?
How do you know if you are truly bisexual?
They say anything too much is unhealthy?
How much does a house appreciate in 18 months?
Any Elementary Teachers Up?
Does Squamous Cancer lead to melanoma?
Why do men bother to tell women they have VD?
For those who hate America?
did barcelona deserve to be champions against arsenal?
Where does Micheal Jackson live?
Who likes Modest Moussorgsky?
in brain transplant,will the memories of the donor be transmitted?
What´s the correct way to store a basket ball?
Does anyone like Fat Al? the rapper?
How do we know that the Bible is really inspired by God?
Can someone die from drink too much water?
Where to view Leonid meteor shower in Southern California?
How do I find a good paying job in Boise?
can someone tell me the basic chemistry for cooking noodles?
I want the names of 50 ancient mathematicians?
What are the best techniques to compartmentalize thoughts?
is there any one out there over the age of 55?
how do you listen to your pc with headset?
what language is spoken in nigeria?
How does the weight watchers flex points work?
which fruit tells u to go?
how do you geta top 12 on myspace?
The Chancellor's 71st riddle?
who won the the super bowl in 2005?
How many Indians (approximately)  own shares in listed companies?
Need ur advise is that enough for 16 years old boy?
why the em algorithm?
Can I tell the time by looking at the sky?
Original artist that sang the song Tell It Like It is?
Name each of the following compounds.?
am I too skinny?
Does anyone know a website for betty boop paper dolls?
Why some people all they think about is sex?
What the nation was founded on..?
what is the average age of human life?
Is there such thing as the loch ness monster?
math logic question?
what comerical did you like the best ?
who is naepolean?
Getting past a bigger man in Basketball?
How should polite should act while in the restroom?
New Women's Study?
Why are the whites of my eyes always red??
why do guys always wanna take gurls to bed?
r u a stoopid person?
What does your favorit mixed-wrestler opponent look like?
how many rings does saturn have?
why are manhole covers usually round?
What is da best colour in da universe?
do celb het free stuff?
Digit Discovery?
Do you think  marijuana should be legalized?
If you could choose your own name what would it be?
Tennis question!?
in what simpsons episode does Apu have 8 kids?
where can i get a pic from new york ??
Is leakage from the heart a serious matter?
what is mobile computing ?
tycon/investment?
How many words does the average English-speaking person know?
hey help please!!!?
what happens...?
Who do I start, Jones or Branch?
which bird has inspired aircraft to land?
Whats the best mountai bike Fork?
There are 28 domino tiles all in all?
can vicodin make your balls itch?
should i read two chapters of APUSH right now?
Hello People....?
your logical reasoning?
Is my girlfriend a lesbian?
Does the AMC channel bleep out curse words in movies?
need help to Cleanse my liver...?
Does anybody know anything about Van Hunt?
quadratic equation. help needed!?
are you augly person?
Networking Help?
How can sax player improve his jazz improvization?
Deleting titles?
Does anyone know why??
Where do I find grants to start my business?
what is the amount of garbage that we throw away everyday?
how to combat procastination?
thalidomide and unprotected sex?
Hypnosis, anyone have it work for you?
please tell me the  good computer configuration.?
Junior Dragsters ?
which US university offer a degree in textile, via distance learning?
what is a good brand for bass guitars?
i want to join the navy. any feedback?
how to clean an infected computer on network?
Who Do You think will win the world cup?
I need some help with history homework?
Should I do this or not?
Can i do engineering or science again ?
Who discovered the internet?
regarding creation........?
what are the importance of chemistry to nurses?
Don't you think?
What is the best way to get over an ex-girlfriend?
i want a juice recipe?
what is the name of this polyatomic ion?
Do you still believe?
How do u take screenshots in mac?
Which one you choose? Mac or Microsoft?
Which would be a better spokeman for Burger King?
verbs for these words?
How can i map the field of a variable?
who personaly do YOU think will win the world cup?
find men in my arew?
Who Loves Panic at the Disco??
Industrial Collapse; Is it possible?
connect a remote computer through internet?
is water wet?
Is dance a sport or an art?
What id your favorite ice cream flavor ?
England crowd chants?
Symbolism in Narnia ?
what does push factor mean?
How do I get my chickens to lay more eggs?
What is the one thing you constantly lose?
why are high school boys so playful like a kids?
wot r the stats of the perfect male figure?
Chronic Cough will not Go Away!?
How does someone contract genital warts?
What are some important tips on being a very happy woman?
How many judges sit on the Supreme Court?
What's a good music composing program?
For Guys..?
Best College Football coach and why?
Can I convert Flash2000 files to FlashMX?
I'm a boy but i need to be a girl?
Why is David Blaine such an idiot??
are people who sell sex smart or dumb?
Gym membership questions? :)?
who do you think is going to win the world cup?
How does a person develope lactose intolerance?
where do i find the g spot?
un site sur la danse moderne jazz?
Can you hate the war yet love the warrior?
how does kidney failure occur?
how come the illegals at building sites have blue hands?
This for boys,what makes you like a girl?
How do I convert memory?
What is the C in E=MCsquared?
whath amg minds?
Who here like Anna Kournikova?!?
The Sims 'Hot Date'?
is it difficult to get into the USNaval Academy?
what is the benefit in doing group assignment?
can it go away?
Christians getting a bad wrap?
What drug makes you halucinate?
what's the difference between aspergers syndrome and autism?
i want doctors to answer this question for me?
ptolemy's accomplishments??
Electricy / Gas and phone bills?
metabolism?
Question for Indians.?
can exercise make your breasts bigger?
Does anybody speak  russian here?
what is harry potter's name?
will you accept me as your friend?
I would like a price on an upper and lower denture?
how are pediatric conditions and hours?
projectile motion with air resistance?
Are you going to vote for George W. Bush again?
how do I answer other people's questions?
who is eddie grays nephew? also a professional footballer?
Funny Jokes!!?
name an occucation where you sit down a lot?
Pregnant Turkey?
Jugde wisely, Very easy...?
How much can we trust on the information given on net?
Anyone have any opinions on X Japan?
who invented the prentice rule?
any tips for baseball season?
Who thinks this song is racist?, because I do?
how do i install windows xp sp2?
I need a lawyer. I need help!!!?
what is alpha numeric letters?
What was President Benjamin Harrison's favorite food?
why does people kill dolphins?
integration?
what is an word scramble?
Do you believe every word in the Bible?
This is a true but funny story...?
girls i need your help?
Was the Tennents' Sixes ever a big cup?
Where on the internet can I find the NCAA tournament picks?
My Daughter wonders: How many pages are in the longest book?
what's the best town to live in wv?
How come Cuba allows the US to have its prison camp there?
what's the closest star to earth?
where can I get a portuguese saddle in England?
Is it permissible for a Jew to sell pork?
Think you can answer my riddle?
how can i get connected to the irc???
Having a baby?
what ever happened to kriss-kross???
Did Mariska Hargity have her baby yet?
What makes urine the yellow color?
why are teen celebrities joining singing business?
Why dont conservatives understand freedom?
Predict the 2006-2007 SuperBowl Winner!?
how do i..?
What is your opinion on this?
are there any DayCares Hiring inCT?
What is your best asset?
Name an expression that begins with "First?
who do you think is able to get MVP in the NBA?
Messing around with a married woman...?
Do people who were born blind see in their dreams?
understanding dr. lingo?
Anyone speak spanish?
body mass index?
is any one want true friend?
How is sorbitol used in gyne surgery?
how do you love a cancer and i mean zodiac?
How can I get the index of a combination?
Males, please take my survey, thanks!!!?
Is Vladimir Guerrero married?
what is the heat transfer?
What type of urine does lizard gave out and is it poisonous ?
Who has won the most World Cup's in soccer?
who are the top 3 software companies in the world?
Is there evidence of God?
how do u think Dee Brown will do in the NBA?
Do you support reservation?
WHAT is a mace?
From which website an we download Java ?
Who captained Argentina at World Cup 1998?
How do porosity and permeability differ?
howcome many filipinos work in abroad?
Does anyone know what exists outside this Universe?
Is the Fly Pen really useful?
Want to sell Coffee Internationally?
Can I use two different dental insurances?
History Day?
why do white women always want to go to black men?
geographical region that spends three kinds of kroners?
how many boyfriend/girlfriend do you have before marrying?
How do you get rid of solicitors?
digging through the earth?
marriage a manglik girl?
are they really criminals?
so who is getting kicked off american idol tonight?
looking for  clips black people ghetto fighting?
How do you measure how hydrated a person is?
Has anyone seen the new Spider Man 3 movie trailer?
Is it still considered rape if you enjoyed it?
does discharge of student loans due to disability hurt your credit?
What parts of your life needs to be pruned?
What do you think is the best comedy movie of all time?
how to treat nasal obstruction?
what should i do?
Distance involving center of gravity and torque?
What is the average interest rate on student loans?
how did king leonidas die?
Pop Movie Quiz!!!?
how do i tell if im over weight?
what are some free web sights to locate people?
What is the best conservative blog out there?
What is the average cost to have a mole removed?
How were the Orphan Trains established?
Personal Initiative Speech - Help?
Did Phil Collins have any hit songs?
What to do when an old love contacts you?
who made these steeler super bowl commemorative coins?
do black eyes people see everywhere black?
What's a good friend for an Aries.?
What ways of comforming to society?
plz help soon? very embarrasing.?
how to cancel aim?
LTD Screen HELP?
Who would win a fight between these two?
Concerning the House?
Just out of curiosity?
Formula for loan amortization?
Why do people need sleep?
OK check this out?
will it go away?
what makes you happy?
WHY is romance so important to you??
So....when did you start drinking?
Cell Phones?
Who thinks we should purge canada?
Evolution revealed myself to God?
The President?
It's just not cricket showing cricket on sky!?
meat prices?
What is IC Tester?
Can someone please tell me the last 5 movies that were released?
What is the definition of a community psychiatric nurse?
Cardio Weight Loss?
What 1982 team captain turned 64 years old this February?
dressing for success?
canadian armed force promotions?
Is this French sentence grammatical?
how many times does the earth orbit the sun in 1 week?
I need help anybody multiple choice. The writing process?
how do I prove no criminal record in us?
Its illgeal to get fish drunk in Oklahoma?
Where can I find out what certain websites looked like years ago?
Why do spammers use random words as email subjects?
any ideas for a school thats about to close down?
I really nedd advise...?
Do u think time travel is possible?
Who is your favorite classic Disney princess?
How can I  refresh my memory of Italian?
is it human activity that is messing up the weather?
what should i do?
what is the capital of Washington DC?
where can i find lyrics by luke called my turn?
Who makes more money Shaq or Clemens?
Hpw are new islands form?
What does...?
How many preservatives are in Rye bread?
Jay Cutler as starter?
I need help?
what do u think about Compusa?
Keeping Sick, Offensive comments out..Vote here?
Why do men shave their mustache?
I am looking for some email, female friends?
Who would you take for lamont?
did you vote?
help!!!!!!!!!?
how to add a slideshow to my desktop?
Would you be loyal to your man?
How does FIFA seed the Group Stage?
how do I get public data written statements for free?
ADHD - how to receive help?
I lost her, do you think it's for good?
How much time in jail is too much to serve?
What is the softest thing in the world?
Lost my i-card?
Is Jim Brickman gay?
What is the Gospel of Christ?
Why do we cry when we are very happy?
does anyone know anything about the drug kolonopin?
how to run for michigan Representative district 11?
My printer won't turn on?
what is atomic clock and how its works?
Which are the real 10 commandments?
Do you think the Gulf of Mexico is really the ocean?
How do you say "cheers" in German?
kids training for safety?
How to get rid of a cold?
convert data from tally 4.5 to tally 5.4?
What mistakes do you think the Arroyo's administration has made?
which british prime minister married a divorcee?
what is public law 90-538?
are conspiracies everywhere, or are people just paranoid?
Why should college students know about business taxes?
Who has the best pitching staff in the MLB this year?
If i ........??
I need more info on wrestling...?
how do i start a revolution ?
Does age play a role in a relationship?
It is posible to have hair in the butt crack?
Super Bowl scores of last 39 years any one?
Where can I get photos of Mitchell Johnson online?
need good bands!!?
What does it mean to be a good friend?
Is reading comprehension taught in American schools anymore?
for the girls please help its 4 marriage?
how can a sixth grader b popular??
What should you do if you have a bossy spouse?
Do you set short term goals for yourself?
College biology experiment ideas?
Do you like my poem?
can ex-lovers hang out without having sex again?
What happened to Ike Tuner?
What is the Slovin's Formula?
what is the physics of the stethoscope?
Can anyone say which is the best Cricket player in Indian team?
how can i get ink from one cartridge to a different one?
some information about cosmos ?
What is the best treatment for canker sores?
Christmas Present for a Zombie Enthusiast?
Why would you wanna see Orton join the DX?
What exactly are the advantages for a young man in getting married ?
TOO big....?
Are curses real?
Could i be pregnant or is there something wrong with me ?
Does food irradiation cause cancer?
Is Motorola A good pick for new year?
Why do students cheat?
what do colors mean in the dark?
Who is your favorite deep house DJ?
When was the Law of reflection/refraction established?
What should I do my ex-husband wants me back?
How do I get the blinking on my VCR to stop?
Will US attack Iran in near future on nuclear issue?
What is advantages and disadvantages of being a Democrat?
Arm Problem bones are curved and haves bumps on it?
why are so many companies investing into developing AJAX applications?
Do Magnetic Bracelets really work?
Enabling ActiveX Controls in Website Design?
who is the best porn star out right now?
What u think about being away from married partners for years?
Do you ever enjoy being sick?
what are the rules and regulations of swimming?
what to do with the morning after pill question?
Why do people like to pick on fat people?
do you realize things before the rest of the crowd?
How does location affect the Ph levels of different kinds of water?
Is there any way to find someone on my space ?
Where's the craziest place you ever had sex?
how can i use my avatar?
What is the name of Queen Elizabeth?
What do you believe in and why?
What is the importance of political parties?
Is it possible for your glasses rx to become weaker?
what happens when a court ruling is remanded on appeal?
is magniseum flammable?
Where is the beginning of the universe.?
please tell me if i pass ca  in once chance?
how does heroin effect the body tempature?
14 yr old male christmas ideas?
how to calculate hose braiding pitch?
how many moons does Venus have?
How late is 'fashionably late'?
Who is giving God glory today?
Why was Lazarus the only person Jesus raised from the grave?
Can you believe this man?
Do the Indians have a genuine border dispute with China?
What is Lou Gerhig disease?
why should kids go to school and not stay home?
the meaning to "contrast"?
Who is the Busiest person in the world?
what is the main cause of various cancers?
if god created all of us and everything then who created god?
how can a 13 year old get ripped?
Jude Law or Ewan McGregor?
how can i look someone up that is still alive online?
for "african americans"?
If heat rises, then why does ice float?
Who will win NBA MVP?
Why not any motherboard support greater than 40GB RAM?
do u know any good proxy leaps?
How do Internet search engines work?
mexican changes in urban living?
Best "group" in wrestling?
Why are lawyers not allowed to have a another job??
can you explain these words simply?
What causes the upper eyelid to twitch after blinking?
how to listen to police scanners over the internet?
How can america still justify the death penalty?
Is it possible to alter your voice??
nba fans will love this question?
What town was Jacques Villenueuve born in?
What is 29 percent of 75?
Why not partition Iraq as a solution to the conflict ?
Are there some foods that help you burn fat faster?
Where can I AP Biology free-response question answers?
how do u heal a broken heart?
what are the features of a successful daycare centre?
Where can I find Andrew McMahon quotes?
whats the best thing to make you look vascular?
Try to answer this one?
Do these Penis enlargement patches really work?
should i go to france with my class or not?
whats your favorite 80's song?
what is channel sales?
hello good afternoon?
I Brian Vickers stupid for leaving Hendrick?
How to get to sleep easier?
How iron particles get into food grains?
how do i find 2 unknowns with fractions in  equations?
How to make my bit torrent run faster?
how can I do a background search on someone?
what is mx records?
where can i find free broadway cabaret sound clips?
Anyone know of a good computer wholesaler?
What kind of animal is bob the builder?
On a scale of 0 -10, how silly are you?
fav holiday spot ?
Do you believe in God?
Satisfying a women ?
What are some reasons to register and vote?
What's your favorite Van Damme Movie?
is washing pubic hair with beer give lustrous appearance?
Who was the youngest soccer player won the world cap ?
What do Russian middle schoolers look for in girls?
Is cue chalk toxic?
Did chicken came into world first or egg?
What professional female track star used performance-enhancing drugs??
Which is the world's tallest building?
are there any laker fans on here?
What is the Italian word for "grandmother"?
What is the best treatment for scabies?
find flav o flav @ v spot. com?
How much of the movie Borat was real?
Should I contact him?
Why Windows wants money?
why is diabetes such a proplem with hispanics?
Best Thing to write on a hockey sign?
does chris brown have a girl friend?
how does diseases of the mouth affect the stomach?
what happens if i crack my nuckles too many times?
Advice on Insurance and Financial Services Career(s)?
sayings....?
Why is dibenzalacetone coloured?
What is Dolly, the sheep, doing right now?
Does my disability and unemployment money come from the same funds?
What do I need to find finger prints?
Does anyone else not care about anything?
can u tell me which course to enrol?
Is it possible?
Why is it so difficult to collect child support payments?
Shall I go or not?
how to write a topic?
Electoral Roll?
what do you want to happen to your body when you die?
Is Gangully has enough capability to return Indian Cricket Team?
Can a green card be taken away ?
Why are men so unable to say they love you?
How to play basketball effectively?
what is the hottest man or boy anybody has ever seen?
who u like better aly or aj?
Why are trees and vines so lacking in ambition?
Racial Problem at Work?
What do girls want?
Do you think Bush is a good president?
Can anyone help me?
Can you pass this quiz?
How to be a dedicated vegetarian?
Shouldn't you be...?
How do I figure out the things I like?
How old is Zelda Rubinstein?
did snakes ever have legs?
The Da Vinci Code?
Why are 11-13 yr olds so emotional?
Does anyone like soccer?
How can you get high w/out using drugs?
Are you teaching you children a second language?
Who is the worst employer in Montreal?
Food stamp question?
how to teach hygiene including bathing to middle school students?
Is there a national recognition day for therapists/ counselors?
if you moved to the country what would you eat lots of?
Is the quality of Mexico a direct effect of Mexican voting power?
when you die, do you really crap your pants?
in a Arm wrestling contest who would win, Hulk or Superman?
Are you a nationalist or a world citizen?
What is sin?
Should I quit my job? Or should I stay?
can u find any info on a lion gate film called nightmare?
I feel guilty, need help?
Sedation assesment?
who is a landlord of 14-16 Putney high street?
What is it like to work in the IT field?
Why do all white people look alike?
If You Could Make WWE a better...?
the best source?
terms used in volleyball and what they means?
What does Defensive End mean in NFL football?
what rhymes with morning?
what are that varoius health issues caused by computers?
getting a copy of your birth certificate in California?
What are MBA salaries?
What is universal litmus paper?
Stanley Cup Play-Offs?
Where can i lodge complain to yahoo organisation?
What type of movies do you enjoy watching most?
what does the emergency code "SOS" signify?
Has anyone seen Power Puff Girls Z?
why young people dont use condoms?
how come woman have to squat to pee?
who was the winner of the last football world cup?
What do...?
Which Roman emperor built a wall right across England?
Can anyone explain the kreb cycle?
What's Feriluce?
help me please....?
why some are so opinionated without having actual knowledge?
what wrong with disability people why do they laugh at them?
How does eddy current work?
what about low fat margarine with zero trans fat?
how does the federal reserve system work?
What should you never do at a railroad crossing?
Did U know Joel Madden and Hilary Duff broke up?
what is base of disturbance and conflict  between Israil and Palestine?
Friends who can sand movies.?
in relation to my earlier question.?
Find out average of How many days are there in your cycle?
Do you think the NBA fixes games?
do you believed in destiny?
why does internet explorer hang around?
what is the question that will receive the most responses???
what is joint compound made of?
Do you smell something? Cause i farted?
how do i generate excitement in a long term project?
What exactly constitutes an assist in NBA basketball?
Hamlet Act 1 Scene 5?
How can you compare TNA to WWE?
What are you most ashamed of?
does it cost money to have your own website?
How many Special Schools are there in England?
Why can't humans be turned into energy?
Would you tell me a secret ?
what team should draft marcus vick?
What is the difference between a republican and a democrat?
Will Tenpin Bowling ever become an Olympic Sport?
suddenly freezed?
This is to rascal?!?
what is an ap8 form ?
How do you write an undergraduate senior project research proposal?
How many stiches are on a baseball?
Do the people in Japan wear masks if they have a cold?
Shorter commute or Money?
dose anyone know how to forttmat and the hard drive?
how come men r not sentative?
how do u french kiss?
My best friend just broke up with her boyfriend...?
Please tell me your opinion if you are not a?
plzzzzzzzzzzzzz?
Will there be a jurassic park 4?
What genre of music is your favourite?
what is the equation for gravity?
start your best players?
What is Poy Sang Long?
Help with Everquest?
He treats us like men. He lets us wear earrings?
what is the danish law on the animal area?
MAC address.?
is it free?
what three winter olympics use skis?
What are your thoughts on Jamaica?
What does this mean?!?
how do you temper chocolate?
"Well Lighted" or "well lit"?
Opinions please...?
does any one know any god diet plan?
I have a question about Jesus Christ, care to answer?
should I close my 401K and pay off my home loan?
What is the method called operation manual?
How can I write to Kylie Minogue?
How can I stop being insecure?
What is a rabbit?
how do i get in to a chat room?
How do I win the school elections?
Why are black people such terrible drivers?
Is New England good place tolive?
What do you think about the Communist "president" of China?
I have a problem?
was the war in Irak a good idea?
did you see noel Gallagher on parky?
Who the crap owns Yahoo!?????
hemorrhoids cure?
who is Big Fix Incorporated?
Single Girl, many options....Help!!?
is the independence day still worth to celebrate?
What is the reason behind the MIGRAINE?
What are the best back strengthing exercises?
How do I start profitable internet business?
does it snow in madagascar?
calculating interest in the EMI for a loan?
What would be a good question for Bush to ask here?
Is there anything I can do?
the official name of a court-related term?
i need information about school stereotypes?
How do you raise your grades without any serious commitments?
what did the romans make, that help us today?
Wat do u prefer Beaches or Mountains ?
how to make a key-logger programs ???
how do you do you set up a molar conversion problem?
How cool are you?
I think my b.f. smokes pot?
which of the top team that are playing professional??
How do u find a slope? what is it?
How to translate "凝聚态物理" to English?
why is my mozilla firefox browser getting slow?
What do you think of secret cameras in the class?
Why wont guys ask me out?
Who thinks The Fray ROX?
what were some of the crops grown before the Civil War?
guys please im desperate here!!!!!!!?
wats x=iy times 2 z?
Has there ever been a Black general in the marine corp?
Can anyone tell me seriously where is ...?
how does a ship float?
Do internet relationships count as an actual relationship?
Anyone know when soccer registration starts for games beginning in April?
Best Description of Web 2.0?
Who's a fan of the ST Louis Cardinals.?
What does the word "function" means in math?
How tall was Jimi Hendrix?
*Technique*?
what is an army spc.?
Any suggestions...???
Dallas Cowboys vs Tampa Bay?
how do lips get chapped?
Why do people hate Meat Loaf?
Which of the following is not a Linux Distribution.?
why do we have waves?
if you could be anywhere else tonight what would you be doing?
Why does ice crack pipes?
How to do you get international radio stations not satellite radio though?
Printers Do Not Work w/ XP?
Song for the movie The Butterfly Effect?
what ever happend to steve heinze!?
What happened?
where can i get a chicago bears robe?
Davydenko or Blake?
where did Rajiv Gandhi died?
what happen if someone click over "report abuse"?
First love?
do you believe me ?
Why do people answer a question with a question?
I have lost so much weight.?
What is the importance of absolute zero temperature?
Would you consider this a Maddox ripoff?
Your favourite pastime in college?
Do you agree with me that women got it right?
i dont know what to do?
inexpensive dental care?
Which law/Act of Parliament makes murder illegal in the UK?
What male tennis player won US Open in 1994?
Animal cruelty laws?
How Did airborne bacteria get into the air in the first place?
Who is the country  played in all world cup finals ?
Has anyone had breast reduction surgery>?
Why does my my ear hurt?
equivalent of a 1litre in kilograms??
this is for people who have eye disease rp?
Best Friend or Boyfriend?
would you laugh if you saw someone weeping in public?
do you believe that Jesus is soon to return?
“Do you want to play a game”?
do you like griffiti?
BackDoor.Generic3?
how do you shut off an avatar?
how do i choose a college loan?
how do i put photos in my email address ?
Do  you know the secret of happiness or life?
How to get a boy to notice me and like me?
looking for pageplus accessoress?
what are the natural landmarks of the United States?
how do you challende a divorce?
is my ankle sprained ?
what does it mean to be beautiful?
How many times do you shave each week?
One wish was granted to you. What would you ask for?
Whats the difference between a psychiatrist and a psychologist?
what types of testing techniquies applied for web testing?
Does anyone know anything about antibiotics and vaccines?
Valentines day?
answer this with proof and you might get best answer?
how to link an Access database to a C++ application?
am i chasing an impossible dream?
what is it like up the bum?
Why does the government ban street racing?
Does a Zombie's wife get a state pension?
Math help (logrithms)?
What should I do?
weird health issue?
best brand of snowboard?
what is the most popular flower in the world?
what determines the property of a metal as a conductor of electricity?
define naturism?
Does Katie Holmes baby look likes Tom Cruise's Driver?
how do spiders build webs?
What makes...?
Name some words that describe Spring?
what percent is123 of 820?
How can I get rid off my sweaty hands?
Political Science and the movie "Soylent Green"?
Nationality?
do you like to kiss?
how to search industrial training in s/w ?
What are Cotyledons?
whats the meaning of REEBOK?
What is TBS trying to do to viewers ?
Are all believers good persons?
Has music gone to crap or am I just getting older?
What could be causing my heal to itch at night?
will wigan rugby legue go down?
Was the tin man on downers?
"what is the total weight of the world"?
how to get raid of spam mails ?
what should be invisible?
WHERE'S OSAMA?
Why is my buddy's Mom so ugly?
what is piagra?
What's gray, has four legs, and a trunk?
how to cure a hamsting injury?
the lighest notebook PC for 2006?
which is the first enzyme discovered?
what is the best medicine college in america?
pls help me!?
Distance between Earth and Sun ?
Some questions?
a star will become a white dwarf when?
how do i buy music catalogs?
im an essex girl an even i laughed at these?
i need tamil text sex stories?
hairline fracture?
What is the origin of the expression "OK"?
Are all men evil and out for sex from me?
any body like the black eyed peas?????
what is a good home remedy for sun burn?
slove this?
who do you think should be president next term and why?
Anyone ever watch that show "Flip this House"?
DVD scratches fixed with Toothpaste?
does anyone have kennedy's disease besides me?
Why can we never create energy?
where is Toby Booth?
what is the egative torsional shear?
If Kevin Jones shows up this year will the lions offense flourish?
Dogs in the police?
Character building games to play with 13 year old children?
wat time do u wake up?
Does anybody have any extra money?
Can anyone help me translate patience into Chinese?
from which countires does exxon mobil gets its oil?
are thier any real dangers of testosterone enhancers?
A swimming pool or the ocean to swim in?
How does a person become a fashion stylist?
Whats you're favourite band.?
Do U think Ill get in trouble for this?
who likes spongebob?
miss her body and sex?
why 48VDC positive is grounded for telecom?
Find a a tune from lyrics?
what is oil can effect?
when was the first firetruck built and where?
what to do about a backstabbing friend?
Earth images captured in real time are there any programs available?
What is the best weight-reducing diet?
Have you been insulted on this site?
If you are black, are you allowed to vote multiple times?
How can I destroy the world?
Why does the water in a swimming pool look blue?
energy transfer by convection is primarily restricted to?
Basketball?
Do think John Cena is hot?
Why does G-mail suck so bad?
what is the real talking about woman feet love??
what is the fastest way to loose wait in 2 months?
Speech speed?
Who are the Soca Warriors?
Does past life regression work to clear phobias?
Reggie or Vince?
what effects does homeless people have?
why is sky blue?
Whatever happened to Reuben Studdard?!?!?
how can i tell if a girl is single ?
what would you all do if I said I was a vampire?
What settings allow me to open a second IE session?
Could you recommend a good chat room?
i heard...?
what the necessary software for fast accessing  internet..?
Who hates Vince mcmahon?
Give me list of 5 or more non democratic countries.?
whats dose dna stand for?
INXS fans?
Does oral feel good?
who is going to win the fifa world cup?
Is it weird that I lounge around topless in my apartment?
help!?? i don't get this!??
what is the meaning of accion y reaccion?
Richard Gere rumours?
Boyfriend is sick...?
what is the purpose of the fibonacci sequence?
Nature to civil society?
How to run *.sh files in windows?
Is this possible?
1/2 x 1/4=?
what color is the sky?
Looking for two songs to put in a 30 minute musical production?
Why is Amanda Brooks so dictorious?
Who is your favorite horror writer?
what is the correct definition for fruits and their differences against vegetables?
dvd burner?
whats the longerst time of having sex?
Is Tupac A. Shakur really dead?
Who was the last original New York Met?
How do you thank people who respond to your questions posted here?
What is considered a serious crime?
what is the importance of woman studies education today.?
who would you turn to stone?(see details)?
what magazine is appropriate for a 12 yr old?
what was the percent of decrease?
Whats your favorite TYPE of music?
Gay places in Dublin?
Forrest Gump paper...?
what exactly does cyber mean?
Who has caught highest no. of catches in Test matches?
do you get sick when you have a anger and depression illness?
how big is the biggest dace ever caught?
What would a 5000 megaton Hydrogen Bomb do?
how old will u be in 5 years?
what's the homonym of kernal?
I need ideas for ways to make my wife even more happy?
what is your favorite major league baseball team??
what is a 'copy conveyance'?
would you help me??
how can i have more information about myself ?
2004 ALCS - Yankees?
are there any obligations for directors to prevent and detect fraud?
What country was Evani born?
how do u kiss for the first time?
How to deal with strees?
is there love at first sight?
What is the most humane way to kill our Thanksgiving turkey?
what is the best indoor cycling trainer?
what are the effects of nuclear power on the environment?
which is the capital of finland?
December spoiler.?
Is Islam a normal religion?
what is jacarter?
What do most people use Microsoft Frontpage for?
What kind of free photo editing program do I need?
barington place gateshead 1840?
what is difference between reading glass and distant glass?
how many years will it take for our planet to blow up?
Now that the democrats are the majority party...?
What is Banana Terracotta Pie?
what is the lightest cigerette??
Anyone Use a Nebulizer?
what is OCR IMR and ICR?
What do you guys think about Bam Margera?
what are you ?
How can I install Windows themes? (see link)?
Why did Johnathan turn out to be a fruit?
Any one looking to purchase domain names?
How do I fix my credit line?
Don't you hate infomercials?
Myrtle Beach or Pensocola Beach?
Do I have another email adress?
fox raceing?
run command to count jumps?
How come only drama movies get picked at Oscar time?
What is the meaning of life?
Big Brother? Who do you want to see back in??
DO u know which countries celebrate Navruz??
wireless signal to wired output?
what do you do in your spare time?????
Who was the first world cup champion?
When is G. Bush birthday?
Is this a good way to express interest in her?
What´s your favorite German soccer club?
boots or shoes?
Is it ok to wear contact lens in the sauna?
whats your favorite commercial catch phrase??
For a girl does it hurt to pop your cherry?
any one play a sport i play soccer?
Any legal experts on international law out there?
If you have a psychological problem can you heal yourself?
Is it OK for men to wear pantyhose?
What is the antiparticle of an electron??
Is this website serious?
Do you ever wanna escape from life?
o.k. so we all agree in this?
What do you if someone loves you but scared to commit?
What should I say in respond?
What are Nupes?
Should a woman ever be President of the United States?
What do the symbols on a police badge mean or stand for?
My phobia.?
which job is suitable with studying???
Who is the Redskins starting quarterback?
Please help, I'm confused.?
how do can i download increimail .com?
What is the best triathlon wetsuit?
do chris brown ahve a brother?
how attitude and emotion affects your driving?
Flash Message Board Tutorial?
what are raw materials used in porcelain ceramic floors industry ?
how do i know if my man is cheating?
y ii cant find the web ii wan to find?
what is all about medical transcriptionist?
quadrilaterals involved in sports?
Why are Catholics Non christian?
keep the cat ears or not?
is it true love?
Why do Jews accomplish so much?
Do you use Lyreco ?
A 4 kg mass?
What is the phone number for Yahoo Tech Support?
When  u were younger?
what is ur fav cd?
Tenants rights in Dayton, Ohio?
is calcium important for our life or world?
what are  some slogans about discovery?
why do i  have  these  dreams?
is dragon ball z still showing new eposodies?
Is there something wrong with my body?
what happens twice in august but only once in September?
Why do some Christians quote the Old Testament?
Fantasy Baseball?
THE World CUP?
did anyone read the rules and guidelines?
is there such a thing as a true friend?
Does anybody feel violated with the new seatbelt commercials?
Does anyone like the show nip/tuck???
what are the technical names for each of these bones?
Dollar cost averaging versus all at once?
Isn't an atheistic Jew just an Arab?
have you heard of howhit engines?
java's role on the internet?
i think my man is cheating?
Has anyone out there actually donated to the ACLU?
logic 5.5 masterization?
What is gravity?
santa clara ca?
Peace with myself...?
The topic of  Immigration is so complex . . .?
What is culture?
What is wrong with weighing 260 pounds and being 5'3?
Can any teacher make me happy, prosperous, healthy or powerful?
Any websites where i can buy old baseball jerseys?
What STD is possible?
whats the best smell in the world?
optic nerve infection?
can i use my forskin as a spare eyelid?
The Rosetta Stone...?
What is World War 1's most decorated soldier?
what free software?
El centro college of Dallas Texas?
Can you please name some commands for the Windows Command Prompt?
feasible voice while chatting?
Should I drop economics A2?
How would you feel about this?
Whose seen the horror movie "Audition" ?
how does communication support a childs social development?
how can i pass statics and dynamics?
Should prayer in schools be allowed.?
Anyone here an expert on the asteroid belt?
Is anyone else having problems signing into and using Yahoo chat!?
Do you like living in Minnesota?
What is the best college sports rivalry and why?
who is the biggest jerk you know?
i want a real girl friend?
Looking for unique sites?
how  to build fitness stamina in 45 to 60 days?
i have another question for science?
Who are the "thumbs down" people?
How long would it take?
what is pinch hazard?
Why do you guys complain about the Black College fund?
Any advice on starting up a freelance graphic/web design business?
Need Advice about Personal Space at Work?
why do ppl hate muslims so much??
how to grow taller?
interruptive phrases?
Is Deutsche Bahn a listed company?
Cheaters? Why?
Immunocytochemistry?
how do i get my desktop into safe mode?
hi.are anyone preparing for final in college ?
Do you vote?
Horny Husband...Angry Wife!?
Can anyone explain to me how PC Fax works?
is there any website where i can learn more slang words??
CD-ROM will play but will not rewrite?
What is the Scotland Vs Australia Rugby Score?
Best Website with Cheat Codes for Tomb Raider?
plezz help! whats ur opinion?
Quel entraîneur pour le PSG ?
What's the meaning of life?
What is porvovirus in humans?
need to make meatloaf but without using eggs help please?
who are the two current senators of new jersey?
Why is it important to be respectful and obedient?
Questions concerning Classical music...?
Is it normal?
I DONT know what to do with my friends?
do you know any good free advertising websites for musicians?
who hates every disney cahnnel star?
What happens to your body during...?
nuisance texts?
Can you tell me about MAGADIITE?
wrc wrc wrc?
discuss the identifying characteristics of a 'civilisation'?
Please answer?
should i brake  up with my boyfriend?
how can i lose 2 kilos for3 days?
Is there a Philippines agency called Phil. Charity Foundation?
Have you ever been smoted for doing something wrong?
Was 9/11 a conspiracy?
what is a condensing coil?
How do I remove Spy Axe Malware from my computer?
How many people believe in reincarnation and previous lives?
Get ready to be DRAFTED!?
anyone know any good registry tweak freeware sites?
Do Mercury, Venus, and Earth ever line up?
what is a good plan to lose weight?
Zombies at ECW?
How can a two-party system represent a population so diverse?
What are some cases filed against a chemist?
what is Kiddish mean ?
Which software should i purchase?
where can i buy military things?
Why does inbreeding produce genetic abnormalities?
Which its opinion about Michael Jackson?
do the click five write there own songs?
how do ya see those 'old maids'??
How to show your importance to your girlfriend?
Computer Reboot Problem?
I need some advice????
i feel like a little kid,  what is bondage?
Name one respectful black person?
what happend?
rainman and bush......?
do butterflies know that they are flying awkwardly or clumsily?
What male tennis player won French Open in 2001?
my friends left me out?
definition of supply chain management architecture?
What license if any is needed to sell hospital products?
What has three legs and lives on a farm?
During vehicle braking, weight transfer requires that?
If you went fishing with Scott Peterson, what would you catch?
How many things disappeared into a black hole that we know about?
what is the most interesting thing n having sex?
how to get a governmental grant without ordering a book?
my friend has thoughts of suicide, what should i do?
she gets all the credit?
Why was Reim chosen for peace talks?
What are some ideas for my community service group at school?
Which is better DSL or Cable ?
how do i get made?
HELP a fellow guitarist?
who sings this song and who is the artist?
What do liberals know about personal responsibility?
What is diffence between AIDS an HIV??
Do u Like God?
what is the best way to get over shyness?
what helps gout?
Solve this riddle and get 10 points?
Who is the best goalkeeper for the 2006 World Cup?
what is the state of the union?
Who would win in a fight Madame Web or the Beyonder?
Is Anna Nicole Smith the result of an alien invasion?
NHL playoffs on Center Ice?
Do u have the answers? Check it.?
Do India need reservation bill, are medical students doing right?
What does kala mean?
whats this?
German Fokkers?
What is the fastest pitch ever thrown by a pitcher in baseball?
EVERYONE help needed please read reply?
gums problems?? toothbrush or wat???
will the dow go up to 11,000 soon?
Do you think the world will come to an end soon?
Why am I so fat?
Does James Gandolfini have a girlfriend?
Is doubt, the true beleif, instead of certainty?
How may nations are registered with FIFA?
Why do people blindly believe in Megan's Law?
Where can I find mentoring for an entrepreneur wannabe?
I need all the information you can get about greece?
do they know it's christmas?
Who actually takes Valentine's Day seriously??
Only for married women?
what do think about Indians, who are from India.?
geography?
adam and eve...?
Is this proof against the existence of god?
GIrls: DO you like hair on chest?
gogoddess.com?
Gays in religon?
Are evaporated bleach crystals explosive, at all?
are combustion turbine powerplants here to stay?
whats your favorite website?
perfect semi-pro editing computer?
Punnet squares problem(genetics)?
how do i get my concealed gun lisence?
What is your middle name?
what is lymphocyte transformation?
guardian angel??
Please predict microbial growth under the following conditions...?
Is it against the law to photo copy money?
Employer holding back wages who do I contact?
Why does my computer have no volume?
Can Bob fix it?
Why are ethnic woman so vile and unattractive?
What is a good name for a sports photography business?
This guy gets so tempted//////?
What websites can you watch music videos on, using a mac?
what is photo shop and how can i do it through Internet?
What's the best lap top computer to buy?
Is one week enough to know if you're pregnant?
Has anyone heard anything about 2006 movie As You Like It?
can i believe that he loves me??!?
what kind of food did the pioneers bring with them?
Mother took child out of state without consent?
what is the waxy covering found on leaves?
GPA question??
What  is  disadvantage  of   Internet??
What do boys like? Intellegent girls or popular girls?
Will people respect me more if I name my penis?
What are your concepts or knowledge about  the year 2012.?
Do you think Chris Brown can sing?If so ,why?
Anyone know that prison break song?
Are angels aerodynamic?
Why do so many people like bush?
Differences in fat?
What kind of stores accept starter checks?
FREE ebooks!?
Who was the first Scientist to use the term "cell"?
After the Final Rose, The Bachelor Rome?
Winning a guys heart!!?
Whats up with the 'Fat Tax'?
which has been the smallest bomb developed so far ??
How to get a free website?
Now that we have captured and sentenced Saddam to death?
HELP!! Cemistry Question...?
average temperature brisbane winter?
Why do you support Bush?
What happens to gifts to heads of state?
How can an animal virus become transferred to a human?
who or what are you ?
where can i find an in depth report on heart transplant surgery?
what country has the lowest cancer rate?
How can I get my husband to notice me again?
Secret santa gift ideas? (Under $20)?
Name one animal that visits a cave?
Did (or does) anyone else dislike his mother?
Walking on treadmill and feeling tightness in chest?
is honesty the best policy?
What do you think of the band Paramore?
How do I learn be become an event planner?
Should Bush be impeached? why or why not?
can you help me?
i need advice ASAP. plz help.?
Magnessium Ribbon, burn?
where can i watch nba games for free?
Has someone ever taken credit for your work?
What are the requirements to start a estate sale company?
when will my career get stable and why all friends ditch me?
how would I pass the asvab test any ideas?
how does oral health affect your mental and physical health?
Mike Tyson in his prime vs Ali in his prime?
What happened to all the good people!?
homemade protein shake?
paper on the effects of 9/11 on society?
What is a cihan ?
Back injury pain?
Where can I find a list of bird evolution dates?
does anyone know what a camel toe is?
should I only pursue friendship or go farther?
what meat is most popular in greece?
how does fatasy baseball work?
English tean European rankings. Worth a laugh.?
which is a better graphics card? computer detail is?
who watchezz summerland?
which is a good heat absorber??
Help me!!!?
When do we settle in courts to resolve conflicts?
how to migrate  to usa for further studies + job?
Should I shave my eyebrows off?
Prove the identity?
dose Dallas maverick coach Avery Johnson have any brothers?
can u contact alan kitashima?
can it happen after a day?
Are Muslim females really servile to their husbands?
What are some facts that prove the theory of evolution?
thankyou in finish?
Why doesnt this FORM ACTION work?
What is great about being in a gay relationship?
I need to know song title?
Need advice....job interviews, etc.?
iwant agirlfriend?
Further proof that Republicans don't care about the average citizen?
anyone want a new friend?
what advice should i give my sister?
how many cows live in mississippi??
what do people think of the irish?
Oh boy,this is fun,don't you agree?
why do we only hear bad things about the Mormon church?
I'm looking for Paul Karrati?
Solicitor misconduct and pre-action protocols?
Looking to check my account with schawb?
how do you properly care for a swim chamois?
Thanksgiving Questions?
one Physic problem.?
Who's the best looking actor in hollywood?
Are fifth generation languages the best and the most complex programming languages?
Why am I so obssessed with girls?
Who is Miss Sianturi Debbie in Indonesian Politics?
What am I missing?
what do you think about Dieterle111?
What is your opinion on IT job guarantee program in Australia ?
How long do hummingbirds live.?
where is craig.com?
What is the most expensive car in the world?
Sin City Movie Ending?
how many fluid ounces is a glass of water?
Hi! How do you people like Windows Vista???
what is computer science?
What is solution to world economic problems?
where would i find a pink ds???
what personalty is associated with agoraphobia?
top 20 delhi commerce colleges?
any have a lot of breathholding contests and never lost one?
What is the mass of Pluto compared to earth.?
Does Steven Hawkins Still Come Online To Yahoo Answers  Anymore?
Tell Me Your Steamiest Secret?
why is world war II often called the Patriotic war?
What are the major natural resources of Bolivia?
I want better for my girlfriend than she wants for herself?
What does R.S.V.P spell?
Has anyone got any tips for cracked lips?
can anyone help me?
who was the last person to walk on the moon?
What causes fever blisters and cold sores?
Probability?
how to grow lemon, chilli trees?
Experiences with Tasco Luminova telescopes?
which south park character would you be?
What kind of actual careers are available to felons?
how long is a debt valid?
How many moles of oxygen are consumed each time.?
how many miles from Poland to Ukraine?
Are zebras an endangered species?
Why is my e-mail sign on password never remembered?
Is The Evolution Theory A Depiction Of The Future?
gameboyxp20 is gay???
what is "The Gospel of Barnabas"?
What is rmph x 1000 in the dashboard mean?
where dose Paris Hilton live?
reboot  need your help?
How can I enhance my pheromones radiation?
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot Over?
What is your favorite Lord of the Rings movie and Why??
Will repeated hot/cold shock reduce fluid sac on elbow?
lost password to get on win XP What do I do?
Does IMDB rank all the James Bond movies by ratings?
the first televise heavyweight championship bout?
Please help!?
What are API pipes specifications ?
Why I like some person instead of another one?
What year does The book the Oddessy take place?
what are the four groups of natural resources??
any idea for a newsletter for a town council?
how many times have the dodgers and giants played?
how to terminate pragnancy?
Did anyone experience a miracle?
Yasmin birth control pill/weight gain?
what is a definitive number?? examples??
history of physical science?
what are performance metrics?
Is Dell a reliable company to buy from?
how does a hearing aid function?
what day in america did federal income tax return start?
any dentist here?
How to reduce my laughter?
since war against terrorism could not succeed why still fighting?
Judgment on hand how to collect it?
towel or tampax?
Regarding USNA football....?
What is the average annual salary for a pastor?
are you happy ??????
What are galaxy collisions?
Should I walk out of my English class?
Are Canadians sick of America or what?
can you  buy fireworks where you live?
Is Morris Chestnut getting a divorce?
Where does the phrase "trip the light fantastic" come from?
How is a bowling ball made?
Is black magic really powerful and spirits influenced to perform for you?
What color describes you best?
Does ice collapse with cooling?
Have you heard the interview OJ Simpson will give on TV?
Looking for a 2 man bass boat.?
mobile web free sites for downloads for motorola v620?
Emergency room HIV testing?
Why is the question thing so addicting?
How many Australians have competed in World Cups up until 2006?
is WindowsMe better then Windows xp?
who wants free points on this thing?
there is this girl...?
Will i get married??
A rich woman dies on a Sunday...?
My boyfriend wont call me back when he says he will?
how come the word bible aint in the bible?
What exercise is best for getting aa flat stomache?
I'm going to Galveston for the week?
How many ML is a Dram?
Do you know what is advantage and disadvantage of internet?
What country's national team did Bernard Schusterr play for?
Is there anybody Native American?
Angels or White soxs?
What are the isotopes of Hydrojen?
Herpes on the mouth  / throat?
Should we call the cops?
Manny Pacquiao destroys Erik Morales in just 3 rounds!?
Sleep headaches?
plz help tomorrow is the test?
i need some help?
Do atheists have a conscience?
beginning runner?
what subjects are included into MBA Finance?
Have you ever had to defend your race?
is trusting of importance?
what are the Psychological effects of Rape?
Is Underground Atlanta underground? Why is it named that?
What is a flatulent?
how angioprim is effective in reducing heart blocks?
what the name carrie means in english?
please define forensic science?
Is Turkey suitable for E.U.?
PHYSICS on Friction?
Scrat Or Bush?
Are Condo Fees deductible on your taxes?
should i ask her how she feels about me?
How much do you give in charity per year?
what does smoking do to you?
Dose anyone know anything about Javascript Programming?
How do u solve this maximum horizontal force physics problem?
Who is current mozambican foreign minister?
When is the world going to end?
How can I get his phone number?
Help reoccurent lump?
why marketing research is important for organisation?
What is Perry Romberg Disease?
How many goals England will received from Portugal?
Are there any health benefits from frequent massage?
how can i find certified loans?
Do you know anything about Praire Bible Institute/College?
Can I take Portguese lesson online?
what is the greatest common factor of 9,25,49?
how  do i clear the history from search bar?
How can you tell someone is legal or not?
what did isaac newton die 4m?
if you played soccer what position would you play??
Why can't creation and evolution co-exist?
Is all mathematics applied in the field of industries...?
what museum is lucy the skeleton in?
how do primary elections differ state to state?
Should I or not?
weight and sex?
who is the most tallest person ever?
How do teams advance in first round, and later?
how to compass movie file from 52 MB to 10 Mb?
how did royce gracie win the fight?
How can I win?
What r ur hobbies??
the boy with the girl?
Isn't welfare bad for people?
how does insurance contribute to national saving?
broken family?
what is a good scary movie to rent for first date?
help with medical question?
Can a psychologist prescribe medication?
history of informed consent?
How do you change your default font on websites?
definition of Angel on mathematics?
south of nowhere fans tonights episode?
do the intelegence agencys of the USA know?
who is the 12th president of the united states ?
what is the customary treatment of foreigners in china?
About computers...?
Why Jews ans Christains offend Muslims?
How do I say  "grandma"  in Korean?
Minnesota Wild fans???
magazine career?
mandatory purchases, is it Communism?
What constitutes "intentional gounding" by an NFL quarterback?
Who scored the most points in their career?
how do you make a music profile on myspace?
Are we at the peak of technology??
THE RAVEn story help?
This little light of mine lyrics?
10 different herbs?
how many rainforest in south america?
What are loan supports?
Do you like my website?
Who is St.Francis?
Biology Help?
which one better, pinnacle 9 or 10?
Help! how to  get rid of  boring websit?
what is theoretical physics?
prospection in  mining?
How do I deal with an ex-girlfriend like this?
pics of freshwater fish found in sacramento?
How you define a champion?
seriously?
My girlfriend wants me to lick her rear, should I?
Chanllenges faced by Nigerian students?
Why does God not want people to eat shellfish?
dumb remarks buyers make?
Who is Cheif Justice of United States supreme court?
What is the next best gay city to live in?
where can i download the movie Thunderpants?
my fan is so noisey?
Herbal contraception?
Do you think Mexicans are damaging our country by entering illegally?
HOW WAS... your first flight for you?
why do people fall in love?
What is the cause of this?
The Sopranos...?
Psychiatric help 5 cents.?
ok girls is black really better than white?
what are the limitations of https protocol?
How do i get rid of the extra skin due to pregnancy?
What does COSHH stand for?
why are guys so horny all the time?
Has anyone graduated alone?
how do you get a woman to go to bed with you ?
Is President Bush really as stupid as he acts?
Where is the most daring place you had sex?
How can I watch fc Barceklona live?
what's the name of the enzyme acting against kinase ?
what is the best exersice 2 do?
Religious responsibility?
who will win monday nite football  2 nite?
Do you like it when I stroke your?
i need a web-designer!!?
Name 1 song of Aaron Carter?
did my membership to launch cast plus go through?
Who is a mexican or hispanic heroe?
Did you go to preschool?
does true love exist? what is true love anyway?
Iraq Violence?
!?!?I Need Advice!?!?
hafnium, you know, the element?
I found a $20 bill. Do i keep it?
ACCOUNTING  - help me understand sales/inventory?
definition of intraprenuering?
Are bi-polar and self harm closely related?
how was your first date?
what is the vitamin B12 injection to loose weigh?
How do i deal with my mothers denial?
Is this a good deal on a laptop?
How to get a tight ring off your finger?
ok instead of bashing?
can somebody help me with fractions?
How do you deal with a controlling spouse?
why do men like breasts so much?
can we save webcam video as an  video archive?
What does "a bit of a bird" mean?
how long is 1.5 meters in inches?
mortage advise please?
why do young girls think?
How Much Weight can a woman lose in two months?
dose anybody know what i could take for some energy'?
Which bank is offering the best mortgage at the moment?
where can i get a free high school diploma online?
Php and html?
install Agv 7.53?
Why does science tend to ignore evidence of life after death?
how is mercury made?
Should I be concerned?
How do u get to level 2?
Good night is it OK if I say God bless you?
whats your favorite topic on Yahoo answers?
is it normal to have discharge after you have started your period?
Wind dies down at night?
why are wrestling fans obsessed with John Cena?
Why do cyclones rotate counter clockwise in the northern hemisphere?
what is learning?
What channel is Canadians Next Top Model on?
Do you live in a "Gay Ghetto"?
What country has won the most world cups?
porn blockers?????
what is the full electronic configuration for mercury?
Why cannot we be in one position for more than 15 minutes?
theories on the origin of life?
html code hide myspace interest general books?
is it weird for a girl to ask a guy out?
When did "Hades" form?
Why people killed by AIDS?How can we save their lives?
Did Amare Stoudemire Attend Vincennes University?
i feel very guilty...?
girls dares?
I want a new screen name for AIM?
What about God?
When are...?
What is your favorite Led Zeppelin song?
Are there any female WWE fans out there . . .?
why do i lose my hair?
Fundamental counting??
What is a Newfoundland Pony?
What's better to steal for living or die from hunger?
Me and my boyfriend  and my parents what do i do?
wich lang best in world?
why do women shave their vagina ?
what is masterbation?
what is Democracy ?
my computer has no sound,what shall i do?
does anyone know how u get scabies?
Does anyone go to the University Of Pittsburgh?
Do you think my tractor's sexy?
can sit ups help get hard abs fast?
Do you like Conservatives or Liberals and why?
Why am I sometimes unable to answer a question?
3chemicals commonly found in cigarettes?
Does anyone else think this way too?
Please tell me if I am fat....?
which enzyme is responsible for converting Xgal to the blue product?
What's your favourite xmas song?
x-6=-25 Can you help me?
Would you trust a known cynic to be President?
give some info. on electronics?
what is thematic vocabulary?
can animals actually predict natural disasters like earthquakes?
Why don't women ever seemed to know what they want?
Have you ever seen a ghost?
how do u feel about smoking?
Is brazil going to win the world cup again?
did anyone else hear on the news today?
anyone got some celebrity anagrams?
Have you shared a smile with someone today?
How soon can the Democrats remove John Bolton from his UN seat?
how can i get my money back when a train was lost?
Why are our ears shaped like they are?
where can i find low priced houses?
What are some good ways of asking a girl out?
where can i watch live rugby?
Implantation bleeding???
list of foods containing no salt ?
could you be in love with 2 persons at the same time?
4 people who believe in god???
Which was the 1st computer game to be showcased as a movie?
What Did America Learn from Vietnam in regards to Iraq!?
Why does it hurt when you drink water in the morning?
Sometimes I see things....?
Why is crappola brown?
period help?
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii?
are ther any others sites like my space besides my space?
How many people are you buying presents for?
is aim 6.0 for free?
How to use Outlook connector with Lotus Notes 7 client?
What is Oliver James's contact information?
Is this an ulcer?
Do you know how to give C.P.R?
Anybody can give me any beyblade games?
Why do people think Sen. Barack Obama is an Arab?
Penis Question?
is U.S.A. ready for a lady president?
The White House was designed by?
family problems?
Recalled products?
If I sinned do I have get re-baptized?
What is the best way to get my Ebay goods delivered?
Is India emerging as a superpower of 21st century?
what do australian flathead eat?
worst pick up lines?
Ladies..what is the best?
Who created the hexagonal net for soccer?
How can I hustle without a job?
do u think smokeing kills?
what  laws govern the patient and doctor relationship for treatment?
best document managment software?
What are your rights when you are arrested?
livestock farming how do i start (sheep goat and cow)?
What is your expectations on the world cup 2006 ?
how can i meet a famous person?
Homework help Please? How do I answer that?
What colour frizbee should I get?
can one boy and one girl can be friends ?
Who wishes that they didn't live where they live now?
What was your most elegant meal?
I need to research stock ownership in royal oak investments co?
any one used net protect if so is it any good?
Adobe Premiere Pro?
how do i heal a broken heart?
Are Iranians really trying to make nuclear weapons?
any boss or principal or even owner of a school out there?
Are you ready for the Rapture?
what is computer?
what is biology?
hello sister goodbye life?
What errors did Robert E Lee make at Gettysburg?
Best looking guy in the world cup? Ladies?
What is the borest sport?
concusions?
How much does it cost to kill someone with lethal injection?
what good is a sauna?
help me i am bright but?
How can I erase a web search request?
Which movie did this line come from?
How do you know when you are in love with someone?
HPV vaccine for males?
Name some of your favorite 80's groups?
girls please answer this?
If you could change our society, how?
Joke. You liked it ?
How fast can you run the 40?
Gettin rid of bags..?
On board Video or GeForce 2?
Real free ad aware downloads?
where can I go find documentation that a bird is an animal?
How to get Yahoo Mail Beta?
Why do we like our president?
How long are GRE scores valid?
what is the square root of 204?
Is interest paid on auto payments deductible on income tax?
what are the names of the 40 normal bodily fluids?
what careers are available in the math field?
Do you believe that humans evolved, or were created by God?
Has God ever spoken to you verbally?
Confused at times...?
OK, who loved south park tonight?
Where do I find a good Ice Hockey shooter Tudor?
what is the size of a database??
best looking football player!?
where to find tutorials on MS Access?
Do you explain SUCCESS with another word?
Who can notarize a letter?
What is the problem with liberals?
What do the letters in SOS stand for?
vonrability of women to hiv?
british time?
dream when your sleeping?
Workman's Compensation LaWS?
Hang up & drive:  who agrees?
Do we have people with 45 or 48 chromosomes?
How many book(s) you read in one week?
what should a hepatitis b patient do to live long?
Do you think Hillary Clinton is a viable candidate for president?
How do I break up with my boyfriend nicely?
where can i get air disaster statistics for year 2005?
diarreha....?
Earliest age for military?
What are functions of cashier in a school or university?
what is the future of the american left?
Is my daughter overweight?
Can Lasik eye surgery help with astigmatism?
which lingo is the hardest?
where can I find some cool web sites?
do people with ed hair have special genetics?
why do so many gay people like the beatles?
Question for the UK......?
What waves produce low energy waves?
can you overdose on omega-3?
what is xml?
who is the greatest track & field star there has ever been?
what are the purpose of men?
how can i set a password for the word and PDF document?
How can u differentiate between a digital and a discreet signal?
Why do people think that horoscope is future telling?
what is 1 attraction of aquitaine france?
what should be included in a teacher's identity?
how can you keep a night club from going under?
Are pistachios good for you?
can i turn sugar into ephedrine?
what leaks out of a girl after sex?
Why do drugs effect a person soo much?
Franklin Delano Roosevelt?
What is real friendshep?
learn more about islam?
why can,t i get my entenet explorer?
Do u like the red sox?
why dont my speakers work on my computer?
when was the last time you?..?
Convert Minutes to Seconds?
How much does a judge make a year?
Why does windows XP suck so much??
Do you know the difference?
How can you boost your self-esteem without hurting yourself?
Salary question asked too early during a phone interview?
can u give me some web sights....?
muscles and hiegiht?
should i be mad??
NBA players?
what does "calender days" mean?
How many people have been born with "tails"?
Why do catholics worship Mary that much?
how long does it take to reverse gingivitis?
Is this wurth the fighting for???
Are the answers to these questions legitimate?
Why is the Brazilian soccer team called Scratch?
what is the square route of 15?
can someone refresh my memory?
how batteris affect the strength of an electromagnet?
Define these words: (in your own words please)?
Quick! Give me a color and a tool. Quick!?
do you know a person whose family name is Arbias?
Why do we have to sleep everyday?
Is internet poker legitimate or vulnerable to fraud?
An Internet site for Oliver Cromwell's brief biography?
Can someone explain to me how space can be curved?
Theorem proof?
What is the most beautiful thing,to you?
What's the best way to get over a cheater?
how to select mba colleges?
Can you ask out girls that you just met five minutes ago?
What teams played in the very first Monday Night Football Game?
How influential are people who have been knighted by the Queen?
Where can I get the little league baseball rules and regulations online?
What are Convertible Senior Notes?
Who's wearing Mavi Jeans?
How would you describe Ken Kennedy?
what do the drawn designs of the space shuttle look like?
who played first base before don matingly?
How did Newton relate science to God?
Something I don't understand about the protests?
what does SL after a companies name stand for ?
is there power to impeach the US Senate?
how  can we measure the  efficiency of a dc motor?
dane cook quotes?
if my man is cheatin on me what do i do?
Do Christians and Muslums go to the same heaven?
Anyone know any good jokes?
Why can't women just be quiet for one second?
do u like bobba or jango fett?
Which one should i use?
which team is the winner is worldcup?
What exactly is a magnetic field?
will blackhoels swallow the entire universe?
what is Adobe Systems Incorpoated,is it free?
which word can mean to drill and be tiresome?
How expensive it is to live in L.A. ??
If a a couple saved up to 10,000 dollars?
what is the time line for getting an annulment?
English Enlightenment in the 18th century?
What is the average temperature in Quebec in July?
what is you birth sign?
The more masterbating the less erection?
What is mapping in pre-algebra?
two bacterial pathogens spread by air?
Is it easy to change your name in the uk mines?
Can chloride ions present in drinking water kill bacteria?
Under what temperature conditions is the reaction spontaneous at 1 atm?
Mirena Coverd By Medicaid?
are women afraid of black men?
opinion on united 93?
Do you think the Democratic Party is dieing?
Differentiate between humoral and cell mediated adaptive immunity.?
How unlucky is this?
how much money do you have?
Do you have an MP3 player?
Where does Johnny Depp live?
What are good places to visit in memphis, Egypt?
Does 50 cent have a son?
Anyone else hate myspace?!?!?
Is it ok to date someone you work with?
what kind of obsessions are not healthy?
Latest News ?
which personality is receive the highest fan's mail?
am i gonna get taller?
how to make a gal go wild?
how much does a baseball player start out earning?
what does conceited really mean ?
What is the best diet and workout plan you know?
moving to close?
Question on Contacts?
What do they get?
I have a guy friend...?
Water purification?
How hard is it to get a child into modeling?
Where is heaven?
how to change my password in my gmail account?
How can I download Sidekick?
OK, let me try this again...?
too tough for you?
what will happen on Iran in the security Council?
what is college like for you?
Earths magnetic fields question:?
What is the best way to get a better job, fast?
what is the most romantic movie u ever saw?
i need Serious school project help.?
how sodium affects heart disease patients?
What do i do for dry,cracked and bleeding feet?
Who is the most interesting Greek god or goddess and why?
How much weight would you like to lose?
a gestures riddle?
tell me about indian army?
how do i get my butt totally clean after a poop?
prince felipe of spain is hot?
What eventually becomes of the energy of sound waves?
About Diego Luna...?
What does Christianity, Islam, and Judaism have in common?
Cleaning start-up menu?
still  i don"t have answer?
How do fellow Americans feel about there being a Spanish national anthem?
Has anyone ever tried making incense?
Fantasy basketball questions?
singapore immigration phone number?
overcome stammering?
how much does lasik surgery cost?
How do I treat torn knee ligaments?
How does the Lenovo +/- stat work?
8. y >3????
what are the three most profitable departments in a grocery store?
whats the best u have seen?
Why is cricket called a gentleman's game?
Can someone help me with this summation?
4 the women?
does masturbation made it impossible to climax during sex?
trim spa? does it really work??
What does the Easter Bunny have to do with Easter?
Help from gurls plzz.?
Dairy or not for weight loss?????
Maths Angles?
Please help about this?
Who is Hank Aaron?
My friend that lives close to me is so  bossy.?
why are guys so...?
What happens when you heat sodium thiosulfate?
Another 10??? Ladies?
what do people do in russia for a living?
Wat are the best quote you have ever known??
why do I feel this way?
Can some one help me in getting uk visa?
can we get the height after maturity?
what is a good anchor for a skateboard ramp?
how does russia track their diesease rates?
screen size?
Why do girls always bleed when ever we have intercourse?
what is the best way to run an E-store?
How do I open a port in my router?
creationists, i have a question?
