what are the effects of overpopulation on economy?
Helplesly in love?
what is "voltage drop" ?
What causes people's hearts to pitter-patter?
why do people show off?
Why  umpire Billy Bowden called 'silly billy'?
boys!!! what do u think?
Liberty vs. Security?
Commonwealth Games are pointless, dont you agree?
tips to learn how to spell? please help!?
method to extrct DNA from apple?
What's a site I can get free music downloads from?
Okay, on the Evolution thing......?
How can I convert to Judaism?
how many sites in world?
primary master}  sata device not found?
Please answer this question.?
Can you name this song?
What is the fastest way to get rid of a cold?
Do Hawaiians really eat sooooo much Spam?
does anyone know college algebra and can help me?
what is cana blanco?
Were you ever a cult member and then escape from it?
electrical control of dumbwaiter elevator?
Im confused, and pissed!!!!?
Why have you liberals declared a war on Christmas?
opposite signs attract......?
what r some of the best ways to flirt?
what could these symptoms mean?
Help finsh this songg :)?
Where on earth is Easy Street?
My friend told me she has an eating disorder and is depressed?
How do you identify the best dentist in a city?
got a good joke tell me if you like it.?
Does the Prime Meridian pass through the Arctic Circle or Antarctic Circle?
wwe hell in a cell setup?
Where to test for blood type in Singapore?
how do i apply to the carthusian nuns?
Embarrassing problem...?
which is the most scariest movie off all time.?
Youtube favorites question?
What sites can I find good backgrounds for myspace layouts?
free games?
what is 0.5 multiply by 0.5 ?
How did sperm whales get their name?
when were corner flags first introduced to the football association field?
Who to start at WR (need 2)?
who have ever been the best leader in the world?
do you bleven ghoost?
Do humans have about 40 million smell receptors?
MY Computer Fan Is Making Noises?
what is athe biggest turnoff that a woman can do?
Will i pass the ASVAB test even when its hard?
What are the four country called the four tiger?
white sox.......?
How much of the "work day" is really work?
What does the phrase "cloud nine" mean?
should i whorship satan?
Has there ever being any scandals about bono?
free dicytionary download for nokia 6680?
Diabetic:  Can you tell me about insulin pumps?
Guys : Are you still not telling how u feel?
Why are crushes, well, called crushes?
what do rasta's believe in?
winsXP home start up problem?
what is cement tile?
Most team goals scored in a first-class match ??
signs of bypolar?
dallas sucks?
What is Xerox?
Are Liverpool the best football team ever?
is gay sex better than regular sex?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
Do we get enough respect?
how do i become a better softball player?
Is drew rosenhaus on drugs?
any scottish people ever come on here??
Do nurses get sick a lot?????
Are there any 1st time buyer programs out there?
Who is the best US player based in Europe?
how to measure correlations?
what would happen?
Do you like TNA or WWE and why?
can i get generic names for medicines in websites.?
Question about Jesus?
bioinformatics ,biotechnology?
WHat is TRuth?
How to burn 10 Movies Episode in 1 dvd disc?
How can I steady the nerves in my hand?
what is blogs?
wat is the formula formoles?
anyone know were i can download vampire high?
Who is nice?
Most of earths liquidform of water is?
math question?
test positine for cocaine?
vessel diameter and blood pressure?
Are there any suppliers of non standard size punch dies.?
Where can I read the play The Crucible online?
looking for dealers of wind generators?
Who are some famous people in Uruguay?
Guns and Roses or Velvet Revolver???
is it just me or....?
Green Day, Him, Or My Chemical Romance?
Three recommended golf courses to play in Hawaii.?
what is trading currency?
why southerners went to war?
Who will win the World Basebal Classic and Why?
What type of condoms should I use for analsex?
Bush is destroying the generous image of americans ?
why are you bald?
What is your favorite cartoon character and why?
Horror, Comedy, Romantic, Action or Thriller?
name of an old song?
R there any celebraties that are cancer?
What is wrong?
Soccer or lacrosse?
Language & love?
Do you use a blog site?
how do you know that you are in love?
Going to the cinemas what to do you recommend i see?
Will something bad happen if i pick at my belly button often?
What was President George Washington's middle name?
What did francis cabot lowell invent?
What is Drugs and how it effect the human?
what do doctors say about mental retardation?
Jennifer Garner - catfight ??!?!?
Why do doctors wear white coats?
how do erythrocytes function without a nucleus?
Is "The Scientist" by coldplay your favourite song?
What does the name Danielle mean?
How did the letters in the alphabet form?
What team do you think will win it all?
How do I get a boyfriend?
Who made God, who made them, and why?
how to lose weight without excersice and starving?
what is needed to be a criminal investigator?
Do all male land mammals have nipples, and why?
How to find  Internet part time jobs in India?
will reach the final  match in world cup 2010?
To what extent was Pope Benedict involved in WWII?
p-n diode switching times?
A Question 4 Everyone!?
star gate sg1 dvd?
What are examples of other international organization like the IMF?
What does Namaste mean?
full form of R&B?
Anyone ever had a dare about sex?
Why Citizen Kane is not the best movie of all times?
Can anyone recommend some REALLY heavy bands?
Ho does an electric bell work?
what carrat gold is the olympic gold medal?
simpson's rule?
What does code 5928659 mean?
Why do people smoke marijuana?
what happen to Batista? is he hurt?
why do we need an education?
What do you do if you get a BDR?
Where can I Download some Cartoon Episodes for free?
What time of day does eBay get most visitors?
Should the Grey Cup champion play the Super Bowl champion?
is probley a word?
Cencorship should not be implemented in Arts. Why?
excersise at work??
Have you ever been skinny dipping?
Bible Study - A Question About Outlining Books?
Was there a fresh water pool on Noah's Ark?
How many AP Courses should I take Senior Year?
What is "Reality" out there as per Quantum Physics concepts?
whats 1+1?
Astromomy question?
what are the dangers of an abscessed molar?
What is a government contractor?
malloc in C?
Where can I find...?
Marion Barry is back?
Does anyone know where the baseball all star game will be played?
java applet source code for random no.?
Birth control pill question?
AHHH This is so scary>..?
How do I break the habit of procrastinating?
does he like me?
where to buy mobile phone insurance ?
What is the air speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
What's the latest on Barcelona v's Milan?
Who created God?
Fainting, did it happen to you too?
who did saudi arabia get its independence from?
How defragmentation works for the computers?
What  type/ brand of greeting cards do you usually buy?
why do steel rist?
What is the race of Iran people?
what is the t-value in t-test?
Solar Power?
Whats your frame of mind while skateboarding?
Sadams hunger strike?
what are withdrawal dangers for oxycontin?
why doctors write Rx in prescriptions?
How do I get rid of my gutt?
what are the classical symptoms of someone on Ice?
Christian song...?
what is the best web site around?
What is 2+2 = ?
do you know the real name of Blondie?
Crisis/Credit Card?
Who is the best college football team ever.?
Did you know that www means 666?
Do you take Revelations literally?
who controls the diamond industry?
where does a 58 yr old great gal find a match?
How do I declare constant in visual basic studio.NET?
This question is for teachers and their experiences at Faculty meetings?
How does Shakespeare use figurative Language ?
Why did people not bathe often in medievil times?
Math problem help please?
Plate Tectonics?
What do antioxidents do for the body?
mailing address of the Volvo Plant in Virginia?
I want to find out if a Money Order is okay?
Are ghosts real?
who is your favorite NFL team.?
what is the difference between a cnc machine and a robot?
what is health care?
Is it time for midgets to stand up and be counted?
Who can tell me more about vampires!?!?
how come i want to taste my own cum?
Equestrian Jobs?
How can I get rid of a sinus infection without medication?
Market liquidity is mostly a function of what?
What 's this song title?
How much is Windows Vista going to cost?
Anyone want to ask a former pedophile questions?
What are Karnaugh maps? How are they used?
The following is a POLL?
Jealousy issues?
Why is God called'God'?
Any advice on how to pass the RICA test?
Is anyone interested in exchanging music through messenger?
What's your favorite movie of all times?
What is the easiest class in high school?
why do we get bugger in our noses?
anybody know some good websites to get some pretty backrounds?
my boyfriend barely calls me...!?
what am i doing wrong?
how do i find embroidery turtle designs?
i want to be a successfull man?
how long or short have you been married or in a relationship?
what is  future of satcom. [ it sector ]?
Birth control for poor/AIDS infested countries?
What do you do if you are getting a D in class?
Do you think Real Madrid will won today?
how far is up?
ach file format details?
how many oz. in a gal.?
hockey advice?
Should I go over the falls in a barrel?
Emergency situation?
Elefante-Banda de Rock?
why do i get hard when i look at guys?
chinea family?
What is the best way to learn golf?
who is the best plastic surgeon in iran ?
what does a story book consist of?
Is anyone else tired of hearing about ignorance?
Any good news story suggestions?
can I work with this degree in USA?
What is the history of Special Education in the Philippines?
nickleodeon was the original name for what?
Philadelphia Sprint Triathlon June 24 2006?
What is a Newton Hearing?
do u enjoy being the "victim"?
Please Answer?
Is baseball a sport that is played in Europe?
who made torchlights?
should i go back or stay home?
help please?
Love, Lust & Marriage - true or not?
should the driving age increase to 18?
patriotism?
How does the Theory of Evolution explain the beginnings of sexual reproduction?
How can Icheck my email.?
is it necessary to take both the ACT and the SAT exams?
What is the youngest of the world's religions?
what does this mean can omeone help me?
Myspace Display Name?
What player became the first black manager in the major league?
How do you solve these functions?
Is there a wrong and a right?
who is the coach of Trinidad and Tobago national football team?
how good does lap belt surgery work?
grandpa's day out?
Is Derek Jeter seeing anyone?
How often do men fantasize about lesbians?
M4 Carbine.. secondary sighting system ?
who u think is the greatest guitar player??
have i got abused woman syndrome?
How much longer do you think our soldiers will be in Iraq?
have you ever shot a gun before, why or why not ?
Tax question for Resident Alien?
were can i purchase world cup tickets?
how to use linear algebra to solve integration by parts problems?
list the names of the peninsulas of the world?
what is radio and visual horizon?
Who decides the holidays?
how did SEAL'S face get so scarred up?
What does morbid mean?
getting criminal records in Michigan?
how to purchase photocopier machine?
How can you make your partner an affectionate person?
Why do you love socker?
For men only.. please see details?
Who discovered  the cubic equation and the formula for the solution??
yo gi oh......download?
What do you think is the beautiful and mysterious reason for living?
What to do with recently purchased textbooks?
Is economy the same as population?
Why was Army rank turned upside down?
What French people felt about WWI?
morgage port?
what is the lifespan of a Bella Luce simulated diamond?
Any suggestions for lessening fatigue associated with lupus?
Bloodz n Cripz?
Why is it that all crime shows are nearly the same?
Which one is better and why? Python or visual basic?
Was communism inspired on marxism?
does a TB scan hurt?
is it normal to feel the urge to jump when up high?
what do most guys notice in a girl??
Anybody heard of this magical alga(ea)?
who is the captain of the swiss team?
past mistakes?
What cause stress and what are the effective ways to release stress?
How do I pronounce the surname IANCHES?
What features should I look for in a hiking shoe?
how can i build a small businesss?
Would you volunteer for Jury Duty if you could?
Children's summer vacation?
How do you make a annotated bibliography?
what is your most priced possession?
How can I get fired and collect unemployment?
Help Family Problems?
What kind of shoes that Del Piero wears?
Does anyone actually click through on banner ads?
what else can cause a headache ?
is Fidel Castro still in power?
where do i find sky footballs fans forum?
Nascar.. to many rules or a good thing?
Which name do you prefer Christina June or Kelli Jean?
do you know this song...?
who is head of education in new jersey?
Wash sale rule?
is there freak danceing still in highschool dances anymore?
Enabling my hard drive?
does smoking cigarettes effect a dog's health in any way?
Should i forgive her?
Dreamweaver help?
Need a conformation on these math answers?
how can i get relief of stomach gases??
Can anyone prove he is really ALIVE?
2 Questions on Biology HELP?
who is best student?
Are we still the United States?
sorry my silly question, but....?
What is the average I.Q level?
application of Chemical Reaction in our daily lives?
whats your favorite color?
What do you tell people when they?
Has Robbie Williams admited hes gay?
Simple math problem?
I need help,  government vs. religion?
How do i make a skateboarding movie?
rate starting lineup for this week?
Who here is a squirter?
is this athlete's foot?
What does 1130 GMT mean?
What were some advantages of Constantinople over the regular Roman capital?
what is the best exercise to combine with the atkins diet?
Running MS-DOS program in Windows 2000 or newer?
how is bush a bad president???
cuban women volleyball team?
why does westboro church hate america?
who wrote the unfinished symphony?
where can i warch QSIV online?
How do you get paid from myLot.com?
NTFS vs. FAT 32?
how much longer and what is this?
how do i make a girl avatar?
"I have a dream" Speech?
is aol dialup available for 56215?
SN2 reactivity with NaI?
how to access net in mobiles through bluetooth from broadband?
growing up in mexico?
Does suicide sound like an irrational concept to you?
About mathematic :-)?
how do i get guys to leave me alone?
Today is my birthday, how do you feel about that?
can someone give me info on the space ages?
Forest Gump question?
What to do against cold hands and feet?
Anyone have NLDS tickets?
How to do well in Business Management?
Why IV drug usage is growing fast?
what are the ten longest rivers in the world?
Change nickname?
where is the scripture which talks about human sacrifices?
leave me any interesting???
Which team has won the most FIFA World Cups?
what is the most relaxing thing you do when alone?
How do you?......?
Has anyone seen Ravan on 18th Nov?
how do i find the phone text numbers off the tv?
how do i make this stay for a day...?
Getting Rid Of Everything on my Computer!?
why are quantum theory and relativity incompatible?
Can the caribeans defeat the kangaroos?
What is it mean "MPH"?
is immaculate conception only Catholic dogma?
What is the square footage of one acre?
need some really good adviceZZZZ?
How are live marine animals transported overseas?
Does anyone actually understand the game of Cricket ??
Calling all Chamorros?
Hi! i have a problem!?
what is drufg?
Is software engineering covered under the major 'computer science'?
how can I get HUD housing grant?
What is your opinion on this cartoon?
How fast do humans talk?
is ricky williams totally stupid?
how do hurricanes get their names?
Why is the weather in Ontario, Canada so unpredictable?
GuYs?!?!!?
How do you find out if theres police order against you?
Can you give me a diagram of conventions cells within the Earth?
Major stretch marks problem, advice needed desperately!?
why are cells important to living things?
Problem with the COPS!!!!!!?
Is prostitution in New York City illegal?
how can i find the contingency mgt. theory?
how can i find a muslim husband?
Why are people so stupid?
What type of BOOB's do u prefer ?
Motors are most easily damaged or destroyed by..?
pull hamstring?
Do national soccer team have owners???
i wanna know?
Is the movie "The Departed" good?
Opening Up your Heart?
how do i uniquelly lace shoes?
Can Bush handle his job (being the president of USA)?
Time dilation. Marketable?
what is the average life span for a sea sponge?
abrivation of url?
Why my computer cursor is moving slow?
whats the best england footie song?
My friends neighbours are naturists ....?
How do i make a move?
which is your best indian movie??
whats the weight in kilograms if the pounds is 127?
Seven attributes instead of ten attributes?
What should I do with a friend that backstabbed me?
Why can't we all get along?
Who sings the song my babys momma?
Can you still get into Heaven and not believe in God?
What do people think burning our flag accomplishes?
Do you Hate yourself???
anybody know intel_knight???
Is Microsoft Windows better than Mac?
sleep disorder?
How do i put my then 8 pictures up on myspace?
Video Game Riddle...?
Is there any street hockey leagues in Michigan?
How far can France go into the 2006 World Cup?
they dont like her?
Why did the United States attack Yugoslavia in the 90s?
what is the meaning of 8=woaw?
Would you rather be on the slopes, or in the lodge ?
How are prayers answered?
How can I reduce my credit card expenditures?
SDRAM OR DDR.. Please help?
wut did Faith Hill do at the cma awards?
what are the qualifications for becoming a state governor?
Element, Compound, or Mixture?
Have you ever been in Croatia?
Mixed Race?
How do you kiss?
What's your favorite mythical creature?
What shall i do with my relationship?
favourite music?
Do u live with someone, or do u live by yourself?
Is it possible to have trouble breathing while intoxicated?
does it anger you that im alive? why?
What is that movie!?
How many ways are there to tie a necktie?
help please?
how many days in a year in mars?
who or what is at the top of the evolutionary ladder?
what is xanthine alkaloid?
How do you get an account for ebay?
what is the meaning of ליפול?
Rank My RB's please?
Chapter 13 nightmare?
spyware doctor?
looking for nascar 8x10 photos for sale?
What is the difference between Love and Like?
what foods should i eat to stop farting?
what is  the formating type of metacafe videos ?
why is alcohol famable?
Should I send my resume to my company recruiting firm?
meaning of symbiosis?
Which state is over 95% farms?
what is the national average IQ?
What is the best time to join a gym?
which one is the best of "sound garden"?
The bra is the greatest invention ever. Do you agree?
Its a sad world we live in?
The future of oil prices? Please Answer!?
baked goods?
How does oxygen react with an apple to turn it brown?
christmas gifts???
this 1 short....what u think?
need to know if someone is divorse?
physics please help?
What song is this?!?
Has this ever happened to u?
Ways to make a friend smile?
how does one boost there sex drive?
What is the best name ever u think?
Is it bad manners to eat with your mouth open?
Were the Dixie Chicks treated unfairly?
Tying off skin tags?
Windows 200 troubleshooting?
simplest way to transfer large amounts of data between 2 computers?
Can a person who has never played a sport coach a sport?
Why are Englishmen so pompous and rude?
is anyone else having problems logging into instant meesanger today?
I have another religion question.  Can someone explain the Holy Trinity?
Does you know about the Civil Rights in the Middle East?
How many James Bond films are there?
Cant Sleep?
Need help with an episode of Friends?
what age do you start a serious relationship ?
Can I use cetaphil lotion on my scalp?
Do you North African nationals consider yourself Arab or Africans?
Anybody here know about CUNY?
which is better? home equity loan or 2nd mortage?
What's Up?
how can i improve on my spoken English,a Chinese boy?
How much do the cars in Formula 1 costs?
what does physical geography mean?
to libertarians only....?
What do the initials S.W.A.T mean?
Why cant you get fake weaves wet?
What is mobile database and how it works?
Can I know what your real ages are?
Is Franco the Next John Gotti?
self imposed discrimination.?
What kind of security should I expect at bluegrass concert?
somewhat confused and would like opinions from a 3rd persons view?
did u broke ur bone ever and how?
Is faith the opposite of dogma?
Excel Formula?
Where can I find nores for math online?
Anyone had any problems with low estrogen birth control?
why r bfs r soo hard to find?
can't see videos with certain mime?
what is the all time best song ever?!?
Why some women like to practice wrestling or judo?
How do you make userlookups on neopets?
how to score in biology?
what does pravda mean?
Help Needed in Stored Procedure?
has any one ever smoked?
example of an ethical dilemma in the real world of engineer?
How do i know which windows cd goes to my computer?
What does it take to be a first basemen?
Where does the feeling of deja vu come from?
Which team won the National Football League in India?
Read my question!?!?
what state has best realestate value?
what kind of job pays daily ?
What states have the most oppurtunities for music education?
what came first the chicken or the egg and how?
Boy problems basically?
Should i go wit dis boi???
where can i make cheap basketball jerseys in makati?
Digit problem?
what does FFA stand for?
Is there any other way except capitalism??
help me...?
How can you find out if minimum wage increased in your state?
is triple-h turning face?
what is the best antivirus that is free for download?
What's a good store to buy weaponry from?
Paintball Stores in NYC ???
Where can you watch cricket online?
Is there a generic premarin?
AP Physics Free Response Questioin Help?
Will my Grandad survive???
How to cover an ankle bracelet?
testing 1234?
Who is the best defensive player in NBA history?
I cant log onto messenger cross my wireless netwrok?
what was the purpose of romanroad systems?
MEN and older women?
how do i get him to like me?
in darts how many points for a bullseye ?
How i can lvl up on this Q & A?
is YAHOO questions and answers addicting?
What was the wierdest political ad this season?
how to find volumnn of a rectangle?
how come the sims2 games slow down my comuter?
How many pages are in the book called "Child Bride"?
Why are there millions of pure substances but only about 100 elements?
what can i do when i have chills every five minutes?
Have you seen this website yet?
what is sublimation?
How do you loose body fat naturally?
A question for the followers of Islam?
What causes morpheus to shut down while downloading?
Why are so many americans FAT?
what is the site address of staff selection commission?
Would youu make these two trades?
Have you ever successfully prayed for a break up?
How to register again?
do you believe in serendipity?in destiny?
how is yr valentinesday?
What signal do women send when they want to be approached?
What is the population of New York City?
What is management?
what nationality were the pennsylvania dutch?
How is Cri Du Chat syndrome diagnosed?
How do I get a job as a Ghost Hunter?
is normal being bissexual?
Who has more honor?
Who is better?
isn't everything here being screened by the NSA ?
Does getting braces hurt?
Back In the Dating Game ?
speech therapy in america?
Is anyone here looking to career in sports?
what is inconmplete dominance?
Engagment Party Mother Of The Bride Problem!?
What Should I Do?
Why do I have to take psychology?
Who would win...?
Why would God create a universe that isn't perfect?
Support group for MPD?
How do you play Rugby?
Why is Brazil's striker Adriano bald?
Free music downloads of Chicago's Christmas music?
Who's the best team in the AL East?
should we be at war with iraq?
Question abt parents...?
which country will take world cup food ball 2006?
Exercise While Sitting?
What do you think about Zinedine Zidane?
What is the fastest home computer?
can you help me cure my ebay addiction?
heres 1 for you?
Any suggestions plz?
When is the best time to weigh yourself?
who founded bellingham, mass?
What are some September colors?
Who is the worst singer ever?
im 17, he's 21 is it considered statutory rape?
which people send more money at home from different countries?
who was wade davis bill?
what kind of jobs can you work with a criminal justice degree?
What is this toilet seat up or down nonsense all about??
do people who answers questions with website sources piss you off?
do clones have souls?
scenerio...?
what does the word IMPEACH mean?
Is there any website teaching karate?
am i searching in the wrong place?
Anyone out there like DAVY JONES??
Does anybody from Taking Back Sunday have girlfriends?
What makes kids so lazy?
Why was I turned down for financial aid?
What does mound mean?
Who is sexier Sharapova or Sania?
what is credit memo?
Is this all just a test?
when should i expect?
sleeping and eating?
What is the most devastating move in wrestling?
where is the site of the 2006 summer olympics?
what wires connect the starter on a mazda 929?
Why do we crave companionship?
The power of prayer?
what was the name of the first artist to release a CD?
How do I plan a wedding for 1000 guestst?
are there any women with respect now adays?
Why didn't Ireland make the World Cup?
Should i get and ICD Promaster?
can you write someone incarcerated in cabarrus county jail?
who is looking for love?
Is the Government really run by a tight group of Satanists?
how to remove history from yahoo searh engine?
undercarriage information?
Why Would a Opposite Sex Friend Suddenly Turn Cold?
Is getting into Vanderbilt hard?
One piece, 2 piece or none?
Where can I get absolutely free music downloads?
Why is there so much drama in High School?
Who is going to win the ROSE BOWL ?
How does the world see today the name of Hitler?
Why does Steve let women beat up men?
which part of Germany speak spanish languague?
what  are  the  2  useful methods for  DNA  fingerprinting?
Why you gotta be like that?
Does  asthma bar military service?
How do you spam comments on myspace?
i wanna know if this is right?
A question about confessing at church?
Any legal solution to collecting back a loan from a friend?
pictures in email have a broken icon?
What are the best websites to help in making a time capsule?
What are some common signs of diabetes?
Should students use laptops during school as their textbooks?
What is gain in acousitcs?
When was the first texas flag created?
what is byte code?
confuseion?
capital city of state of washington?
Rate this team on a scale of 1-10 and why?
What is the largest unit in which gene flow is possible?
stop saying homie?
how do music artists scream lyrics above their normal voices?
If the president resigns? hypothetical?
Country, rock or rap?
why ships doesn't sink although it is too heavy ?
which does not belong?
To all lovers of the pugilist art!?
Do u think golf is a sport?
Any strength training suggestions for a six year old?
what is the pupose of life?
funny or not?
how to prepare for the AMIE examination?
What does "hem-haw reply" mean in?
Has anyone tried Fahrenheight?
what is Windows DNA?
Are we all Gods of our own creation?
whats the difference?
what are the best way to turn a woman on?
Need help for a romantic day w/my boyfriend!?
Why is blaine so gay?
r armenian people asian?
What is it we hear when we are surrounded by total silence?
How did these idiots get jobs as managers?
is there a club called earl parl?
How much money does a criminal profiler make a year?
So how are u michigan fans feeling?
How can mirrors reflect things not directly in front of them?
how do i get the password to dragin54801?
Wo Do You Think Will Win The World Cup?
What is polymenorrhea?
Name the 7 Geometrical figures?
got a question here... need help!?
how to disolve benzodiazapines?
same sex marriage!?
To share or live my own?
which team is gonna win tonight? Denver Broncos or the Chiefs?
How do you write a song?
alaska maps?
Who are some famous #10's?
ethernet or USB?
Can I professionally clear my computer out and "start over"?
Engagement rings and prices.?
where can i find crime rate maps?
Circle Engineering?
who invented the music keyboard?
Has anyone had an out of body experiance??
does it matter?
mcmaster or york university for health studies?
what are demons and are they real?
is it implantational bleeding or my period?
Steroids...?
What are some of your most favorite movies?
Tomorrow is my birthday what should i do (27th June)?
what steps did Ian Wilmut take to clone Dolly?
Ahmed Yahiauoi!?
How a person control his blood pressure without any medicine?
what came first egg or chicken?
what is radioactive labelling? in reference to DNA?
other name of milkywaygalaxy?
Where do i go to watch the R. Kelly sex video?
ever been on a rollcoster ?
what sizes and shapes do bacteria have?
what is B.tech?
would you like to recommend free e-books?
When will W be thrown in jail?
History Help!!!?
Where can I find information about vietnamese culture?
my housemate is a psycho?
Why do you think bacterium would glow in the dark?
what do you mean by sensex?
who is the best basketball player ever?
do u  wach yo mama?
CIA President in 1963/?
how do i keep swimming goggles from fogging up?
Why can't people respectfully disagree?
why did mickey mouse leave minny mouse?
Can any one please tell me?
Read or Die... is it any good?
Sciatica Nerve question?
Quotes about atheist, do you know anymore?
Why is albert einstein dyslextic?
New Nelly song?
crimanal record?
which one is better???
Who's read Game of Shadows?
i want a website that can help me with math fun math?
Time out when logging into remote network at work?
I need ten names of plants?
Where can you get The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes?
Please please please help me!?
What is the surface area of a 7cm cube?
Why believe in borders?
What are we doing with these points?
Do you tip the guy at IKEA?
Need help with calculus?
who is the king of latin pop music?
how to deal with threats?
diinvestment in india?
how to air up a mountain bike tires?
China invades Taiwan?
what website can i listen to music?
Long Island Indoor Soccer?
this is zach?
How does Ecstasy effect the brain?
if you could make amovie what would it be about?
Who do you Think are the best 3 Players ever in Tennis?
What is the 3-second rule?
half life 2 reinstall?
free Christmas song ,need for your help?
what happens at absolute zero?
Changing the Signature officially?
who is the owner of IBM?
how much money do exotic dancers really make?
Can a search engine use collaborative filtering? Why?
♥Is it okay to avoid the kids at school?
what business should i go into?
Want to know what alot of the problem is?
how tall is shaquille oniel?
how can i get us visa from iran?
Does anyone want to test my psychic abilities?
Sequences -?
How can' I have so mane relationship?
Help Me please!!!!?
Is Trinitarian Ontology Coherent?
How to make moody chart using MATLAB?
The effect of coordination in complex emergencies?
I need HELP! Question about sex...?
George Bush , and insurance.?
which free book explain finanical accounting?
medical terminology?
there r 2 girls?
who is the 1st in egyptian league now?
How do i stop the internet error script from poping up?
what is a voltmeter made up of?
Does anybodies knows...?
Am i the only singaporean user here???
will barca be able to continue their good run next season?
how do you write a 9th grade essay?
log functions?
Find application for visitation rights in Florida?
How can i grow up !!!?
Where are you now?
How to find the grafenberg spot?
what is matifying?
Will God be celebrating Thanksgiving this year ?
Should I change my home phone #?
Are you gay ???
What happened on Grey's Anatomy this week?
post election information about the congress of ohio?
where can i find black bisexual women?
True or False QUICK.?
Java coding?
if someone dies r they dead?
do you check your tissue after you wipe?
How to Organize my expenses?
How can we impeach George W. Bush and Dick Cheney?
how can i get my right chick to work on my mouse?
how was the athens democracy different than other government?
What are the characteristics of a good teacher?
could lebron one day:?
Love and parents, which one is heavier?
need to make money-legtimately?
? about a business?
Who do you think is the best NHL team?
How to prevent having sex after you kiss a guy???
Why does race matter so much?
where is dajuan wagner?
what type of work do u do?
How to smelting copper mineral?
Besides metal, name a conductor of electricity.?
can you file bankurpt on back state taxs?
How does a boss check which  sites his employees visit?
Anyone having trouble singing in on MSN messenger?
What is the logo of the Minnesota Wild?
why dont i get in the best avitar?
just need some advice......?
I need fancy words.?
Do you know the name of  the song that says?
What are the platters in hard drives made out of?
why has gerrard been playing so bad lately?
what is the address for the magazine cheeks anel sex?
icon gone in the task bar?
how can i attach foto to yahoo mail?
Whats a good university for addiction counseling?
If liberals get their way and we withdrawal from Iraq?
What careers do you get to travel a lot?
did fat girl like sex?
does it hurt to have your belly done?
What is 420? Greek? please elaborate.?
How can I get free money in Canada?
Where is the city of Lochmaben, Scotland located?
i am shy to ask a girl out what do i do?
Is this funny or stupid?
where do consumers and decomposers get their energy?
how do i run for mayor?
Smear Results, What could it be?
What is a retorical question?
Twin brain paradox?
HP 3330 Drivers for the Scanner function?
log problem?
how do i loosen the net on my lacrosse stick?
how do i keep my baseball cap from smelling?
why do some people fast on good friday?
if you think porn is disgusting...?
what is ISA?
How do I get back pictures I deleted from my computer?
Freemasons?
picture of multiple bills of birds?
How do your solve 2X4 matrices?
where can i join a paintball team?
Whats do you think about this?
What did St. Peter do to upset God so much?
what does heteroskesdastic mean?
Have you ever used a contraceptive sponge?
actions taken to reduce noise pollution??
Customized Diet?
what is this girls plz help me?
When did NY renstate the death penalty?
2d array of JButtons in java?
IS the glass really half empty or half full?
why my history in internet explorer does not work ?
What's the difference between baseball and rounders?
Need help major?
Can I download songs from Windows media to an iPod?
how can someone change their ip address?
what are juniors in the english high school system?
What is "full on"?
what's your impression of a reformed criminal?
Should males wax, trim, or groom their eyebrows?
IS VISTA RC1 & RC2 A test version?
Help i got a problem :(?
hplc mobile phase vacuum?
Ohio State fans?
Who are 5 celebrities you hate?
When do you used "passed" or "past"?
What religion are you and why?
help needed?
Who else hates the world?
How can I make the deadbeat pay?
Is Kerry paying the price for speaking the truth?
Theory help!?
Who is your number # 1  choice ?
What is your favorite horror movie?
Explain how power is shared in a federal system?
What was the Total War?
Did anna and the king marry with each other finally?
what is the 69 position?
Where all the sluts at?
where can you find good sport pages?
Who was Cain's wife?
Mass and density and all that stuff?
Which is the world's most expensive car?
Who is your favorite Playboy Playmate ?
Design a wireless network in range 2000 km and 200 nodes.?
Was Gnostic’s the first form of Christianity?
Security Issues!!?
Who are the 34% that like George Bush?
to breanna?
who are 10 famous ladies in politics?
does having low glucose levels make you agressive?
Why does referee wear black?
Do women prefer a man with a foreskin or without?
what is a SAM file?
What causes sunspots?
how to clear cmos on thinkpad R32?
how i can pass the interview to come to USA to study?
How would you teach somebody to be a better lateral thinker?
Calling all republicans?
Effexor xr question?
How to fight boredom at home?
Can you guess these songs?
How do you deal with hypothyroidism symptoms?
what does 'art direction' mean?
what happens when your laptop says......?
What is the Full form of LKG and UKG?
What is a BH as related to blood draws?
How to Make a Sweet Girl Friend ? Please Help.?
Corel Draw or Adobe Illustrator?
oldest "your mama" joke?
Do you know the meaning of the expression"Garrison finish"?
Can I still get into another nursing school?
where to get very good lecture notes on VLSI?
my friend's problem who can answer it?
How do you determine the sex of a toad?
Axial spin?
Who died from 771st Tank Battalion February 1945?
Does anyone believes in abominable snowman??
how microsporogenesis is done in pearl millet?
I feel so sick?
Why will the Sun not have a carbon flash ?
who manufactures intellidesk?
who was the one who classified diseases?
how old is jessica simpson?
Republicans Gone Bad?
what is the different between rise and arise?
How many out there have never seen the ocean ?
Social security office at Redhill Surrey UK?
who likes ashley tisdale?
Any advice for a date?
Rude sayings in foreign languages?
what direction do I go 1st?
why are some people racist?
how many of you did or would have?
what happens?
Definition of technical officer?
compare ferrous and non-ferrrous metal?
computer engineering?
Who do you see as each parties nominee in 2008?
it is wrong to do not care about people around you?
Do you love my President? Bush?
what car is faster a acura or maxima?
is it possible to make synthetic dna?
How do I insert a web address into an email?
would u rather....?
Do you have Frizzell Gray full biography?
what is acid rain?
What is your favorite Winter Olympic Sport to watch?
Can I graduate High School if I fail math this quarter?
Adults only question...?
need some winners in college football 11-4-06?
Allahs mercy?
how can i install yahoo messenger?
what is ur favorite name (beside ur own)?
why most mexicans women have ugly butt?
What are the signs?
Where Can I find wallpapers of MLB Players?
How do I get my songs heard??
In what state do we exist before we are born?
Who is the best player in Serie B Italia?
Panama Canal?
Carolina Panthers vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
countries in asia and their latest leaders?
Coming Home to Girlfriend, Advise?
pices of a nascar cars?
whats 58 times 72?
What does the First Amendment have to do with flag burning?
Between which two teams was the first ever one day international played?
Does anyone have any information on theories of galaxy formation.?
Whats an average size penis?
Reducing a JPEG image?
One night stands?
Why do we need peace in our world?
what are the types of love?
Coaching help needed!!!?
Does anyone remember the cartoon called the Barbapapas?
1/4 mile best and worst time of my car.?
how so i start to chat online?
Who wins the NL Pennant in 2007?
Are cheap bike helmets safe?
what is the family history of laurence c jones?
Where can I find a good web comic?
Could my straight male partner of 15 years be gay?
is a shopping center private property?
Church bells to modern music?
how can I draw attention to my website?
Do you think this is funny?
does anybody remember......?
is lime stone poisens?
Do Dating Sites Really Work?
who has access tools?
Help me pick a college?
No Rules, Right?
phone no. required?
How many children should Welfare Recipients be allowed?
What is your dirty little secret?
how many claws does an eagle have?
Probability Qn?
Seven deadly sins?
Look at Credit Rating?
Do movies interfere with student learning?
Why is a great country like Britain dependent on American handouts?
Can i have HELP on my homework?
what is the differences between windows and macintosh???
What age group are you in?
how do you fix a cracked wooden baseball bat?
Where is the current fashion capital of the world???
What is meant by Pulsar?
which star is the brightest?
Are white magic and black magic real?
what is linux command for running Mozilla browser?
Who in your opinion is the most over-rated Cricketer?
Who killed the most people ?
Ralph Myerz and the Jack Harren band?
Who was your favorite band in the 90s?
What are the best foods to eat for an overactive bladder?
Limewire, wut's up with that?
how can i avoid my best friends without offending them?
who will win?
why can't i download screen savers?
how to stop prostitution?
Marine Biology?
3gp/mobile phone videos?
what is an intersting \nstate to visit?
i need someones advice?
Yea well umm kind of embarrassing?
pain while on colesteral meds also taking Actonal?
what dose non legislative power mean ?
Is Romo 4 real?
Who is the hottest celebrity?
Girls, do you like slow or fast doggystyle sex?
i got quite a credit prob. pl advice.?
Why is there war?
How do I get in touch with the credit bureau?
I want to know how men really feel about morning after sex?
Does anybody have any funny misheard lyrics?
Where is a great place to elope except to Las Vegas?
Water - Slippy or sticky?
Do you think the MLB should put teams in Alaska and Hawaii?
The victory at Saratoga was a turning point because?
Question about what employer can say for a reference?
how does the starfish reproduce ?
can i get a job with yahoo answering questions?
how can my toddler be more discipline?
What is the best horror film of all time?
Who betrayed Anna Frank?
are u postive attitude?
what does Mcguishla mean?
Why do electrons have half (720 degrees)spin?
what is sarcomere?
Would you vote Social Credit instead of Liberal, Conservative or NDP?
when will the world end?
i need a  new screen name?
looking for independent chicago area escorts?
What do you think about these religions?
which colors are mixed to get black color?
Taxes: What is better?
how can i get an article of some thing at the web?
why dont men have a clue?
Any Christian radio stations in Toronto?
does my boy friend loves me?
Marijuana legal or illegal ?
What is the difference between true faith and blind faith?
How can i find a lost love?
whats the best way to break a bad addiction to marijuana?
how do i know if?
Do woman like giveing head?
Cheerleading tryouts?
Do you toot your own horn?
When will the new television show Southern Comfort air?
do you like the summer or the winter?
Reading image pixels with PHP?
What does it mean?
The American divide; how great is it?
windows media player won't play in safari?
what is Accounting Postulates?
Is it just me?
any advice for a career change?
do petrol(oil), coal and natural gas from metals?
least common multiple and greatest common factor?
who sings, I want to rock with you baby?
Why are muslims so much fascinated with beard?
was lil wanye in a groupe?
What is a whiccan?
How to go for remote desktop connection through Internet?
how did Dr. jonas Salk die?
do you care about hockey?
where do i look for the network key in my computer?
Are there any ways for me to gain weight?
when any feild  overcome computer feild in future?
Math homework?
how can a lower class person find good legal help?
Should we act now? Our Internet is at stake?
Define poem or poetry?
What are two major cities in Rome?
Internet Explorer or Modzilla Firefox?
Did you hate high school?
what is the full name for fifa?
Looking for property notes that carry back a promisory note?
What makes a "loveless marriage" loveless?
Beneficiary to property?
How many fathers are in the U.S. ?
Why am I always tired?
java script...?
Whom should I address in the cover letter?
Does Football Need The Use Of Technology To Help Referees?
need examples of practical performance sheets dealing with sports massage please?
what is the modern day fossil of metacocera?
The Borg are us?
how can i become a page in the state captial?
how can I apply for short time disability in tennessee?
how do I say it?
birthplace of WEB DuBois?
In the car, would you...?
Has anyone ever heard of a procedure called ESSURE?
Who won championship of Serbia and Montenegro this year in soccer?
who was the singer of this song titled "Doors"?
what is comparative analysis of wireless technology and communication networks?
When should the next palestenian general elections be carried out?
Why Punjab and Hariyana share same capital ?
code of ethics in accordance with what to do if?
Ever been in the military?
Here's a question for subcultural women?
math help!?
has any one bought any properties from tax liens?
can you give me a site on the prehistoric time of reptiles?
Michael Owen INJURED!?
duck tape and warts?
What do guys like better shaven or trimmed pubs?
is there a sequel to the mario bros. movie?
Do you believe in Telepathy?
answer this if you please?
what are some current issues in zimbabwe?
Where should I pack up and move to?
anybody want to come to my church?
Is this a good weight for a 15 year old girl?
Ever heard of this town?
How does technology effect your life?
when do you stop?
Rail Gun problem?
Approximately how many yoga centers are there in the United States today?
i need a free site to locate old friends?
What Is Electromagnetism?
how can i study properly for the examination?
Police Brutality?
ever heard it? My father my all?
What is your stongest wish of change?
Does everyone in the world think girls shouldnt play football?
Who writes on bathroom walls more, men or women?
is there a disorder in where people are attracted to their  therapist?
how many criminal appeals is allowed in a persons lifetime ?
If I take and pass the CPA exam?
who r the top 5 pic in the draft?
is gaiaonline a good chat room?
Lottery grants for a bowling club?
Do you prefer abercrombie or hollister?
i wont gain any weight!!!?
what is the best movie?
any one who self injures?
Do I need an UPS for my personall computer?
Does anybody know the website......?
A question about world governments.?
what county do u live?
What do you consider beautiful?
Are you a perv?
where do clifetonville Fc play ?
who said ' i came, i saw, i conquered'?
when does the 2006 kentucky derby start?
What could potentially happen after having a stroke?
How can I search my Sent folder for a specific word?
How tall is the British jockey George Baker?
Does long distance bring a wedge between family members?
Myspace question?
What is something that you can't let go of?
what is escritos esparsos demolay?
what is an afrodisiac?
Are liberals connected to reality?
What are the special occasions or festivals in India?
What do you think of the new Anaheim Ducks look?
fire protection on steel framing?
How should I campaign??
Is Milk good or bad for you?
friend trouble?
What ideas influenced the creatine of the constitution?
What is the best site for free online greeting cards?
How is violence portrayed, throughout Hollywood’s history?
Was Kyle XY a good show to you?
Another paintball question?
new uses of old durgs in treating diseases?
Does anyone know any pro anorexic web-sites?
what happened to the grey gardens property in east hampton?
what is otic solution?
How they measure wind chill?
What is the best way to prepare for my CCNA exam?
would you like fries with that?
What do you think of Dr. Phil?
P=A/(1 + rt) for r?
What is the least expensive site to register a domain name?
do you like jews?
How can any Michigan fan complain about the officials?
what is a sound barrier?
Where Moslam peaple live ???
Programmers on Linux... What IDEs are available?
Does anyone think Brazil isn't playing their best?
How to Become a Internet research expert?
what affects does black mold have on people?
what is consious mind and  unconsious mind?
do you know farmer john?
Who owns the Federal Reserve Bank?
what do people enjoy about cybering?
PLEaSe HeLp!?
why won't my computer download yahoo messenger?
who is Dante?
what size pc power supply do i need?
How to get free travel as travel agent or consultant?
Horrible coming out of closet experiences?
Girls, who are the sexiest men in the world?
is brown sugar better than white sugar? why?
Does anyone agree with me that music helps the soul?
what should i do about it??!?
I would like to get a contractors license to build in Mississippi?
what is the knights templar?
Auction websites?
How to get motherboard serial number with VB6 ?
Is yahoo up to new adventures?
layout design of CMOS OR gate with stick diagram?
Does anybody know what the new Ducks logo will be?
I need info on the New Madrid quake?
How will the US do in the World Cup?
La fitness are you a member?
What are some examples of international human rights law?
what is bathtub curve in solar cells?
my wife feet is size 4 what does is mean?
Chronic Urticaria?
how much money do engineers \nearn?
Agree or Disagree?
How many sexual partners have u had?
whshould i leave him or give him another chance?
What does this mean?
where to go in Sothern Califorina?
Gators or Bruins'from GAINESVILLE?
Have you seen An American Haunting?
What state does the Young and the Restless take place?
is there a blood test to show ethnicity?
What is the most popular crop in the world?
algebra porblem help please please!!?
What is Utah's agricultural resources?
who's gonna win the super bowl?
Is soccer more well known than any other sport?
What is the best gym to join for the price?
do the order of the james bond movies matter?
Why induction geneator consumes reactive power after it starts running?
who's your biggest influece?
What type of car does the new James Bond drive?
What is the meaning of freedom for USA ?
What do you think of Military Commissions Act 2006?
How do you cure an addiction to SUGAR?
What company bought A.T. & T. wireless?
if you had to choose someone famous?
Hey i need a friend who is a medical transcriptionist?
Any good advice on handling severe anxiety on job interviews?
Anyone here from Dalton, Georgia   or Chattanooga,Tennessee?
do women enjoy sex in there 60s?
Football question?
Do guys find stretch marks unattractive on a woman?
Is it bad to be underweight?
What happened here?
Why is the Italian team better than the French?
My friend is bulimic. What do i do?
can i see clander with my days to concevice?
best team ever?
what is an indian reservation?
powerpoint remote and memory stick / flash drive?
how to treat plantar faciitis?
why we need family?
The names of two cities that is numbers?
How do I UNZIP to a location on my computer?
WHICH is the strongest currency in the world?
disadvantages of art stimulation on the brain and body?
What can you do at a virgin cocktail party?
how can l find out a address from a phone number?
How many books Are actually considered to be part of the Bible?
Is it true that democracy is the cure for terrorism?
How long does a broken lease stay on your recond?
a really hard riddle?
I need help in book publishing!!?
what is the number GOOGLE?
"Lost" fans only, please?
What can i do to help my friend when this happens?
Do jewish truly try to kill Jesus?
How come u see some really skinny people win eating competitions?
who thinks independent wretslers don't get enough respect?
What do I do?
Am I correct ?
Is this bad?
Have you read The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo?
how do you do and ollie on a skateboard?
Is God a Man or A Woman?
Why there is no free lunch in the world?
Whats the point? Are you threatened by faith?
i am not receiving email how can i fix this problem?
Can I use pictures from the Internet in my blog?
regarding space???
what kind of natural vitamins are good for raising your metabolism?
what is the best antivirus?
What is America anyway?
physical medium?
The Dutch?  What!! No Way.?
how many seconeds  in 5 days?
why I can't stay constantly at one place?
What is the funniest John Waters movie?
Searching for highschool sweetheart?
will there be world war in future?
physics help?
What's the scientific name for a bee keeper?
Why is anti catholic hate speech tolerated.?
how does a hydrilla breathe?
Where should I go after training?
Boy troubles.......Help?
Where do you typically find the best (lesbian) dates?
Will I grow anymore?
how much are you spending on spring break?
I have finally gave up?
How do I find someone that can write a successful grant proposal?
who lives in the whitehouse?
What did everyone think of today's game Italy vs Australia?
How was Progressive movement and the New Deal linked?
What is a flux capacitor?
Weird bodily feelings on a computer?
What is the different between strong and week bases?
How do I obtain a background investigation?
too soon???
okay i still have feelings for her...?
justification of 0!=1. why it become 1?
what is the best album of the year 2005?
what is the best movie out?
what is *609?
science Questions?
What do you use as your browser's start page?
Anyone knows the myth about seven sisters?
What is the ID, Ego, and Superego?
Where do I get the Windows Vista Beta version?
first person to make me laugh the hardest gets ten points?
Pain in stomach?
Paddy and Murphy meet up in the pub.?
Nose piercing?
Has anyone heard of Glenn Beck?
what would spoil a person the most???
Does God really give us free will?
Superbowl 38?
corn germination?
Two doctors are walking?
hw do i close up my pores? blackheads?
Should I go to class?
what are the best metrics for analyzing advertising campaigns?
Whats the most deadliest spider in the whole Utah?
Do any christian women out there wear head coverings?
what does it mean to have one's salad tossed?
is satellite need fuel..?
Job Corp ?!?!?!?
why is it necesary for men to masturbate?
what is the first sunday in lent called?
Boy trouble?
Who is better Yankees or redsox?
does anyone watch south of nowhere?
Should Intelligent design be taught in public schools??
what do you do when God tells you to do something?
When is Man U's next game?
list some advantages of capitalism to a nation?
Where do you think we will be in 150 years time?
Is a flat income tax system fair?
who would you choose...?
How to adjust the brightness of the laptop screen?
Are all livin' in Jamaica Africans?
Where does WindowsXP hid the boot menue?
Does anyone have lift every voice and sing music sheets?
how do i get my website sponsored by yahoo?
Will you do something that's unethical but legal?
Who likes kareoke?
Do you believe the good die young?
where is area code 678?
Is there a home schooling program called penn state?
How to get cash out of buying real estate?
How is the muscularis externa of the stomach modified?
What's TBW (Total Body Water)?
Did you all have any idea about akatsuki leader?
is spontainous human combustion real?
Marriage...?
Where was The Secret Window (with Johnny Depp) filmed?
Do Christians want everyone in the world to be Christian?
what is fat how big is to big?
is it legal to enter a park after midnight?
How fast does the world go 'round?
what is reinkarnation?
thinking about shaving my pubes, should i?
Which is more important to Citizens, National Security or Civil Rights?
anyone know sexy girl in faisalabad pakistan?
Where does Ayesha Takia live?
Time Executable error?
I want to know ?
Phrase meaning?
is there a  time period for one to probate a will?
who is affected by obesity?
puzzle time?
what is IP address?
Why is the February full Moon called the full Snow Moon?
federal quarterly taxes?
tips for high skool?
What is the meaning of derivative?
who is polly in the novel the street lawyer?
How can I speed up MP3 conversions from CD?
So does anyone know anything about limewire?
Has anyone ever had..?
Any tips for living in Sweden?? Personal Experiences??
What are you doing for Thanksgiving?
plz give me contact list of womens organisation?
how do you give a speech on investment?
physics help?
how do I go about making my own stainless steel jewelry?
what will happen on 6-6-06?
please answer ...  seroius question ?
Anyone know the cellphone that was used in Mission Impossible 3?
AT what age can you rent a hotel room?
how do i get in a chat room for free what ones?
Will Korea be in the finals.?
what team can get the 1st in asian cup?
biography on philp michael thomas?
What is this infection of the nostrils?
What happened to Dujuan Wagner?
ET does exist?
How do you sign up for Deal or No Deal?
What is/was your favorite subject in school?  Why?
is racial discrimination still going in western countries like us,uk?
Whats Your Favorite Rapper?
Do bald people get dandruff?
anyone know?
who was the diplomate killed with an umbrella?
Do terrorists attack China?
Can't connect to internet through LAN?
list 5 things that don't have momentum.?
what is the only thing that separates humans from animals?
who is the best foot ball player in Africa in 2002?
who where the first setlers in the united states?
Study Tips?
What does it mean when you measure things in stones?
what are some good websites to look up apartments for rent ?
What do LDCs in Economics stand for.?
This might sound kinda weird but...?
Are samurai swords illegal in England?
Name this tune. UK only.?
What is the best Computer for Gaming?
how do I get rid of items in the web search area?
what are noun equivalent?
lord of the flies...ralph?
looking 4 bambi 2's 10 min sneak preview?
How do you calculate the scale factor in AutoCAD 2005?
What is a job for a GUMSHOE??
Who will get the MVP next year?????
Whoopi Goldberg and Ted Danson?
About Britney Spears?
What is the unknown?
Eating Disorder?
What do you do when getting bullied?
IQ Question?
i love sex am i the onley one?
Is alcoholism hereditary?
will you play a game of pinball today?
why do people spend money foolishly?
Interference?
Someone tried to do a disk clean up, what went wrong?
To define : sermon, preaching and homelitic?
Why does everyone want to destroy Israel?
How can I be convinced that Christ died for me?
How did Godzilla die in the original movie?
What is Difference Between BRAIN & MIND.?
Are the democrats going to bring back the draft?
Where can I see the arial view of my house?
How can I minimize rashing in the pubic region?
what evidence is there showing bonds used steroids?
How to use Nernst equation?
Adultery -is it ever OK?
lexmark printer problems?
Is crack/cocaine kosher?
what type of company is oscar de la renta?
Does anyone have Kipers grades on the Draft?
Sexless marriage?
Who do you feel is the most underrated NHL player?
My Ethnic Origin?
"How does your attitude contribute to a professional atmosphere?
deployment for doc 2-7 cav?
all about medicine called (arcalion) 200 ml?
Is Pig Latin a dead language too?
If I become baptized, do I become Baptist?
im confused?
How come I don't have a spine?
Have you ever came close to dying?
What is a non-pledge agreement?
where can i download freeware movie?
What is the market scenario of Search Engines?
what was the worst experience of your life?
Should we refrain from speaking of holy things?
Pertaing to studying....?
how do you become a millionaire?
Why do Republicans hate illegal immigrants?
what is hell?  where is it?
are guys afraid to committ??
is a lie harmful? or do people make it harmful?
Is there any site that brings World Cup live?
who is Rinaldo?
how do you find someone in jail and for what charges?
Hobo vs. Homo?
How does temperature affects on balloon's volume?
sheep lung inflates as a whole?
better Xmen director singer or ratner?
Trig. form of a Complex No.?
Who agrees with me?
Error on my computer - When using a disc?
Should smokers and over weight people pay more for health insurance?
When was/is the metor shower?
How do I stop women from telling me what to do?
What's your cell number?
is this messed up or what?
what are mothers rights in christianity?
would this be considered an excused absence from school?
Is there a connection between chicken eggs and bird flu?
Does anybody market a "notch kit" for the common man?
is google better than yahoo?
who will be the winner of 2006 world cup?
when does the 3rd seasoon of the oc come out?
Anybody here go to smyer school?
How far will Aston Villa go ?
how many languages do you speak?
How do we ensure Bluetooth Network Security?
Whats is the difference between lice and scabies?
where can i find a good online text translation service?
Are you reporting people who do not post in English?
where is american consulate office in ahmedabad ?
What is Thrust in flight?
Do you believe in the Goddess?
I need an old PC?
does heart rate increase with increasing sound volume?
questions about computer speakers?
what happens when a player is given a red card?
How could I find a movie named HOPSCOTCH?
Where is Thalia Sodi live?
Are examinations a measure of inteligence or not?
Who should RAW trade to get Undertaker?
bush is a bad president!?
Car Magazine?
what is morphine and how does it help humans?
Why if Loopy is 37 years old?
How old are most of the guys asking and answering the questions?
rb help please?
My husband thinks i have biopolar?
Is Nancy Pelosi's family jewish?
what are the disadvantages of sleeping late?
I was involved in a accident with a semi truck?
please give me input on dairy farming in switzerland?
can members of congress be arrested for a crime while attending session?
i wanna see how many people would reply!?
what is BigDecimal in java?
Can the FUTURE be predicted?
who is created happy birthday song?
Does my butt look big?
Can i clone my host computer with VMware?
wat are the top 10 schools in guilford county?
what is the speed of sound?
Where do the Democrats stand on immigration issues?
What is true happiness anyway?
cost of building florida panhandle mid bay bridge?
Where can you buy the Rey Mysterio mask at?
How can you get over a lover?
Is 150 lbs. overweight for a 11 year old?
how does this sound?
How do you think sexual satisfaction should be defined?
what r your views on power in gender  relationships in employment?
Tell me about your wonderful kids.?
what is the initialization reason of what exist this time.?
I need info.?
phone number of Central Tax Bureau in verona, PA?
do you believe in  carma?
what do you think?
Animal Farm?
How many of us suffer with asthma??
why do we hang around people who make us feel bad?
On what basis are the jurors chosen?
do you my job as a secretary  is kind of customer service?
why God create Humans?
Can parolees join the Merchant Marines?
Who is better: Elvis Presley or The Beatles?
Why vote when the Republicans/Democrats always win?
how can i get taller? What stretches should i do?
jets vs. vikings?
Internet Explorer 7?
what are the differences between Yahoo messenger and Trillian?
Who won the Iran-Iraq war?
What goes in and and  comes out the same way ?
How do i record a choir of 40 children?
whats the average penis size?
Are you bored?
what is form 211 about from the irs?
The Beatitudes?
Sexiest driver of Nascar??
Where u could buy a Livestrong Wristband.?
Mixed signals - What is up with him?
what does the text slang "XD" mean?
What should I do?
What is DX favorite 2 words?
Do you believe time travel is possible?
Steroids see details?
Installation of Windows XP SP2?
World 11 in Soccer?
has anyone seen Take the Lead? how did you like it?
What id the best way for me to lose weight and fast?
IQ question?
help with answers??
brain teaser?
Why do people have two nostrils?
ICE chart, equilibrium constant, Urgent?
what r yahoo geocities?
How many years is a SCORE?
is the internet an economic public good?
In one word only, How does this word make you feel?
Will the Georgia Bulldogs be ranked if they beat GT.?
Should Michael Jackson get psychiatric help?
Free Software?
where can i find the song meanings for underoath?
What is the best paying job?
ageof the earth?
why dont more people play 5 aside soccer in the UK?
Which one of these video cards will work better for gaming?
Why Do Men Always Think That They Are Right?
two objects hit each other in space?
A tenor in band is really what kind of instrument?
what are different types of brake system?
kansas stsate trooper salary range at retirement?
How do you spell a percentage???
Anybody ever gotten any...?
Jesus is your God?
1985 Bears vs 2006 Bears?
how high my blood pressure can be?
Anyone out there actually LIKE "Survivor"?
Who is the best Australian Football/Soccer player?
If there was nothing before the Big Bang, what blew up?
give mw some valuable tips for preparing MBA?
does anyone else have an xmas birthday?
what is a cardioid?
How can i have a better relationship with my mom?
What is the largest prime number you have calculated?
Are any of you people Army Brats?
Can U solve the puzzle below?
Is there a lot of snow n Illinois?
sin 2a=???
What U gona do after answering the questions? Any plans?
can anyone tell me how ?
Why is the US flag backwards when worn on the military uniform?
How do you get printer ink off of hands and nails?
how do you write on a cd the internal mechanism?
Am I too skinny?
how do pornstars shoot such big loads?
what type of puzzles are the most fun?
what is Kosovo?
where is the best plce for me to go to college?
my uncle has cancer?
Who Care those children?
Where is I can look for the ?
Can ex-lovers be friends?
who is c-murda?
why does George Bush lie?
some problems im having with myspace?
Can you play sports?
How do you perform jumps off hills on a snowboard?
Can Manny Pacquiao beat this guy in the near future?
Fantasy Basketball injury concerns?
Should The Elected Hamas Government Be Recognized?
I need a  complete definition of what cognitive behavior is.?
Anyone else here bored with Christian answers?
Fascism vs. Fascination?
Why is michael bolton so badass?
what rate of depreciation on new machineries purchase?
face problems?
what is a mole?
do you shine patton leather shoes?
malayalam meaning of yellow sapphire?
Are all women aggravating and annoying when drunk ?
Which school is better?
white mucus in stool?
what is shakria newest cd?
What is a Yule Log?
for you fun ismore important or feelings?
how do you know when you love someone?
Dell Dimension E510 motherboard upgrade possible?
what is mean by distributed databases?
what is a way of getting lots of points of answers?
What is the Bible's stance on dinosaurs?
what is the best weather website to get weather?
having feelings for another man we are both married.?
does this count ....?
What is the appeal of MySpace?
7th grade math help??
How do I stop self-harming?
Sample Contractor Letter?
Hypothetically could God choke himself to death?
i have a guy friend!?
Unbelievable?
maths question...?
fundamental of gas turbine design & operation?
Blur vs oasis!Whos da best???
Why does star appear to be farther than they really are?
Are there any UFC fans that can help me?
What is the lowest speed crash to get whiplash?
In christianity:?
How to prepare attractive notice to rent out a room?
what is the best site for video clips?
dane cook??
Who wrote the theme song to "Welcome Back Cotter"?
Does competitive cheerleading seem excessively dangerous?
are anyone watching wizard of oz on tbs?
What is a good rate for a fixed mortgage?
is it ok to be over possessive about your girlfriend?
Is organized religion distorting our views on God and Jesus?
What influences have Jackie Robinson made on the African American community?
why is one kidney lower than the other?
is this wrong at all? lmao?
What times what equals 154?
who knows the song?
knock knock!! Who's there?
where did the catheter originate from?
is a green card holder and an immigrant the same?
who is or was Hollywood's toughest guy?
am i mentally ill?
Do you know Christie Elaine Anderson Boysen.?
Where was the Virgin Mary born?
Can you remove somehow your fingerprints?!?
Why can't the browns have a winning team?
Do you believe love is  all we really need?
how to start a headshop?
which famous blacks died in 2005-2006?
are women like men?
what are public wants?
Lead free but bacteria filled?
mrs.Novak, human rights watch?
what career are out there for government jobs?
What is the name of the show?
is online adult stmulation wrong?
how big is the sun?
How do girls feel while having sex?
Questions on adoption?
I's possible to dead after an extremely love party ?
who is the richest person in the world?
how i can see old yahoo hom page?
Differential problem?
which religions tolerate homosexuality??????
archery question?
Can Females have sexual intercorse?
how to troubleshoot win88 reboot loop?
What are the African Islands?
new comp. What is SPAM?
How can I stop being late for everything???
how legal is a pub watch scheme?
Where can I get cool windows themes for my computer?
Watch to fast?
Does anyone use pentagon federal credit union?
are virgo men trustworthy?
How can I write an interesting answer to this question?
Can I borrow 6k?
Muslim please answer honestly?
my men chetet on me what should i do?
Who was voted off from American idol tonight?
i was just thinking about you....?
Girls, would you like...?
How much would an 1887 silver dollar be worth?
What is Critical thinking?
how can i reduce the appearance of flabby arms?
How can I connect two pcs using serial or parallel ports?
What are you up to?
can u tell me how to send instant messages ?
why do men have nipples?
Why did Martha Stewart went to prison ?
can you help me?
Why were the soldiers returning from Vietnam treated so poorly?
I’m looking for a good home business.?
who is spanish [dominican]?
What is payment tern T/T?
Does my 3 year old have Tourettes?
Do you know this tune?
Why Easter Sunday calendared in different months?
2 electrical currents merging into one.?
what are the mental and emtional problems of drugs?
anyone go to sdsu?
youngest player is hit 400 home runs in 2000?
Anyone else like hip hop?
when was the US bicentennial?
10 points for the 1st correct answer!?
Origin of the name of Feliciana?
Do you expect udder destruction in the future?
How can I speed up an orgasm for a guy?
How much does a spider need to eat each day?
What is a Thesis?
Where is Hornsby Island?
What is the origin of Tennis score?
how are the lines made in a nfl game?
What is your favorite website?
Hips don't lie?  Is this true ladies?
How many Yahoo libtards dont even vote?
How can i make the guilt of murder go away?
which car is prefect?
whats the U.S. Navy's objectives?
Wat use of the god ??
Where did the word Atlas come from?
How long do yeast infections last?
History help?
How come emo kids wear tighter pants than I do?
did besty ross have a daughter?
is this situation even legal???
Recent Prices?
dose eney one know the Final Fantasy XI online website?
How am I going to explain?
how do u sell stock certificates?
Chase Fraud Detector?
what do you think?
how old are olli kahn,s children?
Is it Saturday or Sunday?
Any Guys ages 15-16 out there?
Becoming a Lobbyist?
where can i find wilfredo mahilum?
How to overcome addiction to pornography?
What is Google's next top secret project?
do you know any shoe manufacturing company in bangalore?
Why does dial-up connection cut off after 3 mins?
What is e-beam lithography?
Has anyone had any luck using DOBA.COM ?
Why did martin Allen leave brentford football club?
Is Jean Stapleton still alive?
Yet another Pregnancy question?
Books and Friends should be few but good?
Need help choosing a php script?
what was the condition of the catholic church in 1500?
Will a plant grow in water?
can I install a hardwood floating floor in my trailer house?
who's getting STUPID in the BAY?
are the men sexy?
I think I am attracted to someone who hates me?
What is the 13th zodiac??
is wondering........?
whats the average office cost to see a dermotologist?
How old is this pizza that I just found in the fridge?
a question for those who are 40 and older???
why i have my hand yellow'?
pls help me!! for my homework!!?
Portal is another word of search engine?
don't you just hate spiders?
How can I chat with a live Cardiologist?
In qualitative research, what is the theoretical perspective?
how much is it worth?
Has anyone heard Bill Cosby singing "White Christmas" ?
meaning of o phrase?
Is Time Travel Possible?
who gives toys to poor children for x-mas?
Has anyone tried astral projection?
does anyone know anything about cubase sx?
how can i become a citizen of the united states?
How can I get my ex-husband back?
where to buy official soccer player jerseys?
who killed Michael Jordan's father??
why do families behave badly with weddings?
Is being filthy rich associated with being greedy?
what is the function of "actuary"?
How do you know your own identity?
Is dancing a sport or its just a hobby?
What is the atom structure of oxygen 2-?
type of reaction?
What are some top medical schools with a good basketball team?
what is the Da Vinci Code ??
Is avoiding people to this degree normal or abnormal?
Where can I find really cool Juniors Pajamas?
What is 6th dimension ? In Science?
Is it Right for Parents to smoke around there children?
Which branch of the military do you think is the best choice?
who do i resemble the most???
how do you stop retention of water in the body without medications?
what is the difference between application server and web server?
Why is answers.yahoo pro christian?
what are wisconsin's historical events?
how do get rid of Belle fat?
Why is so hard to meat a good lady on line?
Is it true?
What time is it were you are?
What is sustainable development?
Has any women had problems on Depro Provera?
Good linux distro for old computers?
vacation savings?
I do weird things in my sleep,help?
Would you be supportive if your friend was trying to loose weight?
what is Lodi and Lodhi?
was michael landon gay?
when will premier league start again?
After downloading Linux OS , how to install it?
What is the starting salary for a nurse?
Does anyone know this song?
Can Someone chear me up?
is now a good time to buy a house?
Bush or Chimp?
how old is Baghdad?
What was the greatest sports feat ever accomplished?
What are the pros and cons of stem cell research?
Did Jesus??
what is the best software training for jobs after MCA?
wat was the most recent discovery about our solar system?
what is the process of parkingson desease?
Guys,what  do you choose ?
What is Armagedon means?
is mexican channels showing the world cup?
Tongue twisters in spanish?
How do you tell your partner that you no longer love them?
can holding your breath for one minute be deadly?
Why are apple computers so unpopular?
What the ****?!!!?
Should anyone listen to Jack Thompson?
what i should do?
Is anyone here making there own manga?^_^?
whats the best way to approach an employee??
have u ever been hit by a men/boy?
RE: Any troops who need to know we are grateful ?
Who was Portugal's best player in the 60's?
Muppet question!?
Does anyone know anything about being a bone marrow donor?
what did Linda Smith the comedian die of?
someone please make me jealous?
Life Decisions?
Is Mirka Vavrinec pregnant?
who is tom cruise's wife?
What causes more problems than unethical businesses/corporations?
Cult or religion?
where can u find wep key on computer?
Is there anyway that I can contact Johnny Depp?
Should I divorce my husband?
What the hell does Heidi Klum see in Seal?
im 14 and my best mates big brother fanceys me?
did dr.seuss have any pets of his own?
Does anyone remember?
How big is the Milky Way?
how to pervent radon?
is the relax state is a resting potential?
What's wrong with me???
Resume salary requirements?
dating question?
who is the oldest person on earth?
what is is the most great costumes in Halloween?
Explain in simple terms Maxwell's Equations.?
i can't receive any bulk or email from my mail?
What is the universe expanding into?
What can I do about my really long cycle?
What is the best browser/editor hybrid?
Where can I download Virtual Tera Patrick videos?
Any channels on Hotbird showing world cup games?
Will any body go out with me?
hips don't lie spanish version lyrics?
HTML help !!!?
what does precipitation means?
What is wrong with me???
What makes man HAPPY?
brilliant crimson annaline dye ?s?y???
how can i change my yahoo id?
how do medical experts feel??
Military Housing..?
is there anything over the counter to take for depression?
Do u like in the morning, noon or night?
Have you ever cut your hair with a nail clipper?
Why do you think YOU will get to Heaven?
Why does hell in KJB continue to get bigger?
simulation plan?
a guy i really liked avoided me after this incident:?
best place to live with asthma?
is alcohol abuse rampant with the youth?
Do You Have Any Funny/Meaningful Quotes?
what is the strongest bone in the body?
what's  rad?
ripped dvd movies now what?
floridastatue720?
Why do people join cults?
How can i send softwares through email?
how do you select the right size for a speed bag?
Was Jesus close-minded?
What is the difference between murder and abortion?
www.breastcancer.com?
how did the battle of the alamo get started?
What are the factors that effect supply?
Help please?
Where do red blood cells get born and die?
why do people?
What is a gospel?
What Would You Rather Be?
What is the most famous school in the World??
why does the us not play eddie johnson?
What do u think?(this is a poem)?
What is the difference between these words?
Water Cooling a PC?
Why are retained earnings considered a liability?
can an airplane stand still in the air?
What is something that you say too much of?
Name G Bush family?
Is too much antioxidants good for you?
Why do people care more about the party than the issue?
Would you like it if everyone went to heaven?  Why?
How do you celebrate the 4th of July....?
do you believe in ghosts and the Bible???
What wold be your starting team in the NFL?
what are 5 reforms were implemented during the Victorian age?
Please tell me how best to study for my exams?
Petition Writing?
the nfl is almost here?
About how much are utilities when renting an apartment?
what can I use to remove dark spots from my face?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of cellphones?
Do u think India and USA can become good partners?
what type of materials are dissolved in plasma?
fast facts about vietnam?
looking for united air line?
I'm doing a survey,  can anyone help?
why can I not keep two internet browsers open?
Wireless Internet?
any ideas for a job?
work from home on internet,products on consignment?
i need some elementary teaching research.?
When an idea escapes you, how do you catch it?
Whose your favourite nascar driver?
Wat the srilanka post code?
How can I make eMule have Hi ID?
Can someone provide a detailed job description for a mortgage loan processor?
what does it mean to put on Christ?
Getting Help?
help with integers!!!!!!!!!?
one difficult riddle?
RB scenario.?
what does the secretary of labor do?
Who is the better coach: June Jones or Mike Leach?
Only for men and only serious answers...?
what do i do?
trying to buy some ephredrine on line?
Online Realtor schools?
what are u doin right now?
Independent/dependent variables? h/w help.?
Is it wrong not to go to my best friends wedding?
how molecules in the air cause air resistance?
what do girls look for in guys?
Is it ok for men to use hair conditioners everyday?
how can i go about voluntering in a health facility?
How can I get my Home Association to reduce their fees?
UA or ASU?
why does drug dealers continue living with theyr moms?
how much brain power did Einstein used in his life?
Am I going to die soon?
What is your nick name and how did you get it?
What are the wage garnishment laws in Washington State?
Pulled muscle diagnosis?
Please give me real tips to help me?
what makes you you? and what makes you so unique?
Anime and Manga?
Top 10 things that tick off!!?
is it still turkey hunting season in ny?
Gibson Guitar?
Who sings this song???
Why do you follow the asatru religion?
can someone give me some images of biologic refrigerator?
does anybody want to be my homie?
how does a mouse recognize her own pups?
Exposing too much to the gas petrol can cause cancer?
Do you often look at the bright side of things?
NHL Radio...NHL VIDEO???
Attention religious debaters #2?
Who should be our next presidnet and why?
does this mean i have ocd?
What is the origin of the term "dumb blond"?
why are yanks so lame all there sports are padded up?
If someone carves their initials in a tree?
could i have had a heart attack?
about my friend.?
Arsenal!!!!!!!!!?
whats with this?
what song did anthony rapp sing for his audition?
why did Bruce Willis and Demi Moore get divorced?
So what do we vote for next Election Day...?
Does Brady Quinn have a girlfriend?
♥ Baby Boy Names?? ♥?
What is enviroment?
college graduation rates 2005?
what is special purpose vehicle?
What is the championship game for Basketball?
how's everyone?!?
Rhapsody users only?
Doesn't cable suck?
Can you solve this riddle?
What has been the most effective advertising for any realtors?
How do you get over a cold type sickness quickly?
how about them cowboys?
What was the fuel consumption of Air Force One for 2005?
Is there a way to buy the program Audacity?
what is ur new year resolution???
Need help with physics!!! (part 2)?
how do you heal from Vitamin A Toxicity?
What is your favorite Ramones song?
i need girl help?
narf creature what is  this creature?
what state are you  from?
how do u get better at basketball?
He hasn't worn the sweater since!!?
Can Ghost Hunting Be dangerous? Vote Today!?
Can i find jobs on the net?Where?
locate phone number of address 816 Cliffway, Windsor Colorado?
why is the age of menarche declining?
help with this math graphing question?
What is the age of universe according to hinduism?
how do u rate the new wrestler named "khali" ?
is vista OS better than windows XP professional os?
Am I a dumb little kid asking these questions?
Who will win? Michigan or Ohio State?
I'm 15, can I increase my height??
Could this be a heat rash or an STD?
How do I include a salary history on my cover letter?
Help with a algebra problem?
which is the best shopping comparison service why?
What is the best religion out there?
Did I make a mistake?
what does Nayelis mean?
question on immigration?
what is wrong with me?
Do Christians migrate?
What are some of the different jobs in nursing/medical ?
The top five free throw shooter's in the NBA?
what was the process of becoming a knight?
how can i see hindi movies online without any charges?
Are the Marines ashamed over this?
What websites can I buy a used printer?
Where can I find information on Marianne Weber?
Why was the battle of Saratoga importent?
How is the bond market related to mortgages?
What are your thoughts on this paragraph?
how many grams of protein should you eat each day?
how far out do you kick a point after attempt from?
Was Easter originally a pagan holiday?
what are the most successful methods to teach a child to read?
Are there any midget tossing clubs in Southern California?
Can you wiggle your ears without touching them?
what program could i get for discounts on perscriptions?
period...........?
Ralph Nader?
Does anyone have the tour schedule for the band hinder?
whats the recent gadget you have used?
what is the biggest number  in the world?
Closing a bank account?
dose anyone go to Sikeston schools?
best rated product to give a harder  more erect penis?
How can I get over an irrational fear?
why i am like this.????
How was the very first hydrogen atom created?
How do i get music videos on my psp?
Who are the most attractive people in the world?
can a legally blind person get into med school?
who is the president of austria?
Has any evidence of creationism ever been discovered?
Gay Marriage: Why are people against gay marriage?
can you give me 5 trivias in geometry?
what is the percentage of redheads in the world?
Should I start D. Will or Jones-Drew???
What is the dirtiest  job you have ever done?
what do you think about new york city?
How does an Insurance Corporation make money?
What is Ben Wallace's E-mail adderess?
what countries are control by womem?
Who should Rangers buy?
which bill has a picture of franklin?
Can you File a claim with the Better Business Bureau?
Converting Reapting Decimals to Fractions?
gun registration inheritance?
What are some good your mom jokes?
how many muscles are in a human body?
Why did Leonardo Bonnacci change his name?
What is the best way to move on?
2 elmet web any one know what it is?
Who invented football?
What you think about EartsDay?
why one party ruling fails?
Conducting business from prison...?
what happens when your seriously baked from smoking weed?
what is cost production?
are words...?
How can global warming be reversed?
Decisions, decisions....?
What am I?
does anyone buy scratch off lottery tickets?
What causes insomnia and what is the cure?
What do you do when your husband avoids you alot?
i have a basic html question???
What's the best graduate program for journalism?
what is the most useful household invention since world war two?
What is the typical CEO in America do to make himself money?
what is the essence of managerial accounting?
does the frase "clouds of probability" have any meaning?
Make me Laugh........?
Where does he get those wonderful toy's?
macromedia flash button center?
i need a partime job..?
what do work places do for christmas partys?
Can anyone explain how a hair dryer works?
how do i delete search the web in yahoo?
The celebrity that you resembled on is who?
need some tips to pass my final exams!!??
15 minute ar-15 trigger job?
how much is homeowners insurance?
we can find a cow but not a mexican?
is there any way I can stop limewire.com?
Can anyone prove god to me?
what are "tax credit properties"?
Should I consolidate  a HELOC loan and 1st mortgage?
Latin Translation ???
for you piano players out there?
Do you grind your own coffee beans?
What is farmakology?
How many people can honest say that they are still virgins?
How does a female get a guy to respect her?
what do you do if your teem lost ?
Do you agree with this statement????
why would i ever use methadone?
what is the purpose of a spitball in baseball?
What are the ICP metals?
A random question for the ladies?
what is internet?
Clean joke, one for the lady's out there.?
how can work help with personal problems?
Am I the only girl who likes to play paint ball?
How much are tickets to Disneyland?
Will Jaret Wright continue to start pitching for the Yanks?
why is the dead sea called "dead" sea?
flair bottle store  in las vegas?
What are directional bonds in solids?
hottest diva and why?
what i can do to be business men?
what is the equation for time?
What class of chemical compounds do plants produce during photosynthesis?
HELP needed?
Concerns about razor bumps on penis , please help !?
can drinking apple- vinegar cause hepatic?
what does 10g stand for?
sine wave propogation?
What is the meaning of FIFA?
directory of usdot- substance abuse professionals?
Best law school for me?
for what team does ronaldo palys?
Looking for Korean War allies?
how do you ask out a boy without really asking him out?
look for my pin numder no my mastercard?
is there any sports fits me ?
strikers.com?
how hard it is to get into these schools???
why is it that sex is the most important thing?
how many times birazil attend world cup?
Are this good grades?
What is dypraxa?
What thing could you campare to an animal or plant cell?
how do you teach common sence to kids and teenagers?
How are children who have always been color blind diagnosed?
Would an American Theocracy be a good thing?
What do wrestlers wear in their mouth to protect their teeth?
What is the American way of Life?
where can you buy speedo swimsuits?
what does FIFA stand for?
who is englands captain?
im running for president?
how to design a datagrid in asp.net?
makeup or not?
Why are Thai names (last names in particular) so long?
solve this ridddle for 10 points?
How do you get rid of a boil?
At what age is the human jaw fully developed or stop growing?
Number  Problem?
Why is it hot in summer and cold in winter?
Is it really difficult to reduce the size of the school bag?
Will I graduate and become famous?
how off board stocks gets on board?
Why the hell would anyone even bother to get XM?
Is Fess Parker still alive?
does anyone know if Muhammad is playing wk 11?
How much does the Stanley Cup weigh?
Keith Urban. Kenny Chesney.or Tim McGraw?
how do you build a portable pitching mound?
who are the fans of tom cruise here?
what are the pros and cons to increasing minimum wage?
how many minutes is superman returns?
Is being gay wrong?
my cd player is installed but doesnt play help?
Why is california so expensive?
Seismology?
WANTED:help regarding web designing and animation?
do you think he is cheating??
Calculus related rate ball-n-string falling?
Whats the best teen site EVER??
How to burn a CD from iTunes?
'Boro' - what a spineless performance!?
Small goosebump like lumps on testis?
When will the new MSN messnger come out?
how can i get back at some one i really hate!?
where does poopie come from??
what is the meaning of  nihil sine deo?
What happened on ER last night?
What is the amount of estate tax in the US?
gas turbine control?
What does emotional maturity mean?
Biological and clinical significance of Epigenetic?
Pushing our beliefs on others?
Did you want spit w/ that?
How much should I give?
What,s flagging mean?
farmer joke?
Who doesn't like itunes music videos?
Do you believe in God or in fate/destiny?
Why is the whole world getting horny?1!?
Who invented the Money?
why does my body temp go up?
what it dormisa?
Why would my vagina burn?
how hot is the sun?
What song and artist is this?
how did the USA treat minorities and women in World War 2?
who enacted the GST and why?
What are some good forums to discuss illegal immigration?
I have a legal question please help?
Does Saddam deserve to die?
Whats the difference between federal camps and federal Prisons?
Is there a doctor in the house?
Where in the San Gabriel Valley can I watch the Morales fight?
How US Government DEA Harassement People?
y do we sleep?
how to add sparkle to your eyes?
does school really help you for the future?
How much total ATP is produced in The Krebs cycle?
info on Guillermo Gonzalez Camarena?
Why do baseball coaches wear the same uniform as their players?
Should regaining our manufacturing base be a national priority?
youtube help?
does anybody know?
Is there tracking software that can be purchased?
How was the university of texas started?
Website:What do u rate it as?
what are the most influencial presidents and why?
Did Miley Cyrus die her hair blonde???
any one who would like to help me?
what are the jersey colors of Ukraine and Italy?
How would I set up an essay for this:?
anyone......please....?
any teeth whitening remedies that really works?
i need help with unfairs dismissal?
very urgant question?
data entry jobs which were posted on net are reliable??
do you believe in ghosts?
how do i know that i am pregnant before my mist period?
Does the world needs DICTATORS ???
what are the tuns of univalve shell called?
how do i get my boyfriend to porpose to me?
Bagpipe polish?
pledge of allegiance?
Why japanese should apology to China for war crime?
How do i lose 50 lbs in 2 monthes?
what is the best way to get a girl?
Is it big enough?
who scored the first goal of the 1970 world cup?
what's meant by a sliding scale?
What do you think of my friend's situation?
Whats your favorite event in Track and Field?
What is the Mystery of ther Bermuda Triangle?
Anyone know something about child support in CA?
what controls the shape of a cave?
who tracks meteors?
What is the average age a man loses his virginity?
where can i get NHL hockey jerseys real freakin cheap?
what is mowa-vie?
Please tell me if u r guessing.?
What can you understand by the word familly?
Senior quote help?
Who is against women referees in mens football?
how can i learn to use the keyboard moves in chat?
what happens when dogs come in from the snow?
what word do u just like?
How can i find peopel on the iternet?
best tv show ever made?
How to make your bust look bigger?
Where is Gergely, Hungary?
why do black people have the last names of presidents?
what to write in a bar mitzvah card?
Translate Wiskunde?
Who has the best joke?
traffic ticket? miswritten information?
Can nyone suggest a height enhancing drug?
why hitler hates jews?
What operations could you perform to make a PC run more effectively?
who invented screw on bottle tops?
How do you make Mini Christmas Trees...?
How do you determine person worth in Dollars & Cents?
Can you support the Troop with out supporting the war?
should mike get a bike?
Floppy disk help!! Emergency?
Can ice conduct electricity?
Who hates Will Young????
who is arnold s. married to?
decribe two diseases of blood?
what do u pray 4 the blood of jesus 4?
Law: the Tort of nuisance?
looking for a blank business note to fill in the spaces?
Is anyone out there dreading Christmas?
when was television invented?
is there any baptist on here?
what is the deal???
who was  the  first president of Tanzania?
What is unit 'marla' used for measuring areas?
how many countries qualify for would cup in germany?
how to learn vb.net?
Where did cocaine, morphine and heroin come from?
TurboTax Premier 2001, 2002 & 2003?
Do you like the books written by Nicholas Sparks?
How old you were when u got a first sex?
Delete Windows XP Username Without Control Panel?
reasons for poverty of muslims in india?
How old is actress Sophia Bush?
How astronomer measure the distance between galaxies?
Microsoft Paint Question?
Is crime considered a deviant behavior.?
Does SLC has a premed program?
make autocad drawings from excel worksheet information?
Women and takin dumps...?
can i improved my English language tell me tips?
what would you do to save the earth?
What is the theory of Assessment?
storm and wolverine?
Does anyone LOVE Gilmore Girls????
Why do people think ignoring the truth will change things?
choleserol lowering drinks?
Who is the best batsman in Sri Lanka team?
why are new brands better than brand extensions?
Where do I get a ring sized?
whats my favorite color?
Why does a negative times a negative equal a positive?
Where Time comes from?
what is love?
i have a geometry issue?
what age are you when you start to have sperm?
How much gold have you found with your metal detector?
Do all countries should invest in space research?
Does anybody have trouble with their windows 2000 internet explorer?
Does boreing a cylinder make air move through it quicker?
Why is Marijuana Illegal in the United States?
What is permeability?
what is pcr?
how hot is the sun?
Funniest thing you ever heard??
My 8 year old wets the bed is this normal??
How can u make a small hurricane for a science project?
What happened to our paperless society?
Tell me some interesting facts about Japanese culture.?
How could you explain the word " violation''?
Which comes first the chicken or the egg?
Does anyone out there follow the Wife of Noble Character?
which country having maximum number of muslims in world?
Is 1680 a good score in the SAT Reasoning test?
What does FIFA stand for?
Can I find my cellphone calls online and how??
Who is Kiran More and who selected him for that prestigious post ?
algebra help?
I need the answer?
anyone have any good songs??
should i work to heal this friendship or let it go?
money market account or savings?
Tastes great or less filling?
Enough Quality Time?
Portuguese?
Any body knows any fun web pages to explore??/?
Looking for a computer geek to fix my problem!?
do you know disney channels coolest songs?
If God created everything then why...???
Can anyone tell me the correct pronunciation of "Aiyana"?
how serious is spiral meningitis?
do you have the first 8 minites of doogal?
How can i get rid of period cramps?
do you think school shows us everything we really need to know?
what can i do for go to Yale university?
About loosing wieght...?
what is the best state for whitetail deer hunting?
Can you rate my website below? out of 10,?
Does the sauna belt really work?
Fungus most commonly used for "genetic' engineering..?
how can i know that i know god ?
What's so wrong with what Bush is doing about Iraq?
Where can I find a free webcam hosting site?
Does this make sense to you?
I believe in God do you believe in God?
need unusal names for girls?
How far will Portugal go this World Cup ?
Should i call or not?
Doesn't determination and stubborness mean the same thing?
over the phone or contract laws?
Why do so many people released from prison get convicted again?
I am looking for clubs for teenage lesbians in Sacramento.?
do warts go away completely?
tell me what is my real name?
Can't locate lost icons on desktop?
What shall i do?
where can you chat with skaters?
What do base mean. (guys only)?
how can i sleep?
what is the difference between hosting a website and publishing a website?
why do humans grow hair?
What is an easy method to learn the multiplication table?
is there any website for firware driver download?
Ladies: Newport or Kool?
ZoneAlarm Firewall Trusted  Site?
what does EEsof mean in the hi-tech industry?
how to get gmail personal image banner?
do you lie and betray your friends?
6-6-06 and the omen?
what was the the?
i dont know?
Why does Dwyane Wade fall so much ?
What were George Washingtons physical features?
thinking to much?
10 points if you can you name these people?
Are you happy with direction your life is taking you?
How Much Space Do You Need To Play A Game Of Football?
Why are the San Francisco Mountains  in Arizona called this name?
How can I get a decent night's sleep?
when iraq will be stable?
Dying of boredom?
how many miles is moon away from earth ??
Who was it?
allergic to nickle?
joning the military with asthma?
What is the capital of Rome?
How harmful are sewer gases?
I'm too shy, how do I become more outgoing?
wut shood i do?
legal question?
metroethenet?
Is the BJP communal?
how are we affected by Greek mythology?
is my friends sister taboo?
more spanish help!!?
name of an astronomer?
Why is Australia so often viewed as 3rd World?
why does water boil at low tempratures?
how do u know if your pregnant or not?
how determines a bloob type between mother and child?
toughest high school sport to play and succeed at?
Is a starfish a fish or not a fish?
Dreamweaver: Build a simple site?
If your Birthday is January 3rd, what is the half birthday?
Any one in diet land on weight watchers.  Help Please?
should i get back togther with my x boyfriend?
What are you doing for Easter?
what's a penis?
Video Uploading?
pleaz help me?
Why is the sky blue?
Who sings this song?
Whos Better? Dylan or Cole Sprouse?
should i or shouldnt i?...?
when did womens sports begin?
How can I meet SkylarBlue?
Where can i get the askin code?
Will Andy Roddick ever win another major title?
what is striking?
how i can see the next world cup for free?
who is your favorite celebritiy?
what sport should i play?
Internal Revenue Code Section 1445?
First WC , location and year ?
how to convert slope ratios to percentages?
why do the baddies never just shoot james bond?
the ones that need help never ask...?
information on mass. baker act?
Decision Support System and a transport company?
Why are all the stupid questions asked by guys?
Do you sometimes laugh SO hard...?
What's your favorite "clean" joke?
how a large company would build a database ?
Has anyone ever Oxycise!d?
what is the normal time for intercourse?
Is it better to burn trash rather than make more waste lands?
What do you think about...?
what is a synapse?
Jolly people?
why is macguyver727 stalking me?
where can i find recalled drugs?
How far back can you trace your ancestry?
Why is that christians are always on the defensive?
what year did tony hawk start playing?
what is a vasectomy??
Why Poets are poor?
how can i tell a guy how i feel about him?
What was the most recent food that you burned your tongue with?
Do you have a cheap friend?
When that happens what are u going 2 do ?
How would a liberal president end a speech?
this technique is used to separate liquids with different boiling points?
Anthony Thomas, Mike Bell, or Edgerrin James?
What is the proper way to address mail to Ukraine?
what element does the seahorse live in?????
What and Who are the black panthers?
Be Honest Women Does Size  Really  Matter?
I am looking for a church to join.?
whats your favorite tv show?
Random number's function for Fortran?
What are some good jazz/blues clubs in San Francisco?
What is UK??
Does anybody watch 'My Name Is Earl'?
what is the pius football score against franklin?
u5tbrubeeeyeyrv?
why do man say I Love You when they really dont?
What is a quisk ?
what is an exorcism?
subsody code?
mother in law problem? kindly help?
what should be kept in mind while going for an interview?
How can I find a job?
Where does the energy of food originally come from?
Fifa world cup?
Do you think Kennedy was a good president, why?
Who still "sticks it to the man" in modern music?
can softball gloves be used for playing baseball?
describe life in one word.?
what's the minimum downpayment for braces?
Why can't woman work as a construction worker?
If life is so short, why are we wasting time here?
im 15 should i have sex?
I've got a lovely pair of...?
were England ever beaten by Usa at Football?
Could Capitolism Survive without Government Intervention?
what is the neural pathway for a reflex arc?
wired and wireless routers hooked together!  security  issues?
All inclusive hotels in Turkey?
number of retail outlets of mayur suitings in india?
fashion best/worst 2006?
what is the meaning of the word genie?
How do you show pi?
how do you find scale factor?
Do you spell analyze or analyse?
How often are Google Earth satellite images updated?
a question for the divorced people only?
why is school so boaring?
Help in career?
what is crossdress?
how do i get dow stock page on this new page?
Do you know what the initials O.K. stand for?
what is the half life of thorium?
Are pomegranates an aphrodisiac?
maths terms - grade 8 - algebra?
How do I set up a wifi network?
what is hinduism?
Runescape Fansites?
Is God a monster?
What does the term FOB mean when referencing shipping?
why does it rain more in the winter?
Re: herbal smoke shop?
what is the topography of hawaii?
how do I convert my real player tunes songs to iTunes?
Does Turkey?
The Real Question is:  Why?
dosnt Saudi Arabia deserv to win vs Spain ?
This is for the girls to answer?
What is inside the mecca's squared structure?
What is your favorite movie?
I believe I have a UTI?
how can i protact my childs teeth?
lipid bilayer?
who will  win  in  tamilnadu  assembly  election?
how many blood types are inherited?
What is the best way to improve grades?
What is "Resentment"?
is there anyone here who has a major in psychology?
what kind of bug is it with a white wing in it?
Am i a good person?
chemical compound?
what is the operation of a VLAN switch.?
normal size of the penis for a fourteen year old?
He filed for a divorce?
Burnt Out / Emotionally exhausted?
Which is more important a Resume'  or Your Interview?
Now that i made my avatar ???
Do you sprint on your toes or your heels?
Attack of The Show?
Has our world become too pill dependant?
Why do I itch alot while trying to fall asleep?
How do I stop thinking about him?
How do I import my iTunes playlist to a new computer?
who is the smartest person in the world?
who thinks that breastfeeding in public is beautiful?
How do you write a sympathy note to a colleague?
Where Can I Find mp3 downloads?
why do major league managers argue bad calls?
Satisfaction vs. Exclusivity?
Hawk Nelson - Any one else like!?!?
why there is limitations for the nuclear explosion?
Is coughing at night a bad sign?
What did you dream about last night?
i need gmail invitation!!?
Have you read someone else's journal/diary?
Is auto theft a felony in Indiana?
What does "aperna" mean in English?
Access Denied?
How much crime is in ur community?
How do i back-up the registry?
what does gold teeth represent?
are Atheists the ones who go to church on Saturday?
about domian name?
If a guy groped you, what would you do?
who was first teset 50 in the cricket?
how do i make my butt smaller?
Why does Iran consider Israel to be its arch enemy?
Who Is the best active GM in Basketball today? Owner?
how can I get some traffic to my website for free?
How come there isn't any signs for stupid people.?
what programs do people use to make video games?
Pick the lucky guy to be with me. Ha Ha!?
saving images in sqlserver using asp.net?
Special homecoming present for my brother?
new graphic card or more memory help!?
why can i not find love?
How does Thunder occur?
wher can i download smart movie player for free?
what is composite material?
biography on Sharon M. Draper?
unemployment benifits for illinois?
has the waitangi tribunal been successful in achieving its aims?
what is dry rubble masonry?
Telifair in Beantown?
If Derek Jeter  bent over would you grab his butt?
Do you believe in Fortune Cookies?
Is it possible to think of Nothing?
Music recommendation website?
What happened on the OC last night I missed it?
Did anybody like Arrested Development??
Why did the baker have smelly hands?
how to stop loud chewing noises?
Sam's Army? Ironic?
how does gas turn into a liquid?
I need Drum tips.?
Is disapproval the same as?
Julie of the Wolves?
Abortion...right or wrong?
Trent Lott, what exactly is this man's agenda?
Is the aerlingus website working?
Can i Leave Bollywood?
how to lower red blodd cell?
dawnakelsey?
I need the customer service number for Norton AntiVirus?
what is an atmosphere in depth?
how do you win a loved one back?
what ever happened to lauryn hill?
Does Fornication better/worsen flow of semen ?
How can i find a printout of an incident report online?
How far will the hawkeyes go next season?
How many different kinds of people are in this world today?
Does love make you happy ?
Who will be the first three picks of the 2006 NBA draft?
Should we blame computers?
How many home runs have Babe Ruth on his life?
what is a good thank you gift?
Does anybody out there know how I can teach myself caculus?
High School Musical Hindi lyrics?
How to tell a friend?
where do i find golf jokes?
how a sensor work  especially acoustic sensors ? the basement of sensors?
im ready to die?
How did Eratosthenes create sieve?
"which animals have proven to feel pain?
where was the first professional football game in the us played?
Bands at parties......?
Abstract Mathematics?
Why do people keep asking the same questions over and over?
what does the word taakeferd mean?
Men or Bi/Gay Women ONLY!!?
where can I find my family? Velma Green?
Is Gmail for Gangsters?
Who presides over the  parliament?
Is there really a place called hell?
What's the best website to chat?
Who is Dhoni?
Eye contact: Do you maintain it when talking with someone?
guy problems...please HELP!!?
Dwayne Jarrett to the NFL this year?
Who is your favorite TV dad?
who sings these wrestling theme songs?
Are The Americans A Nation Blind To Their Disgrace?
what is limbic system?
How to make good and best friends ?
Does Criss Angel do stage shows?
what movie is this line from?
any great fathers day gift ideas for husbands?
which heisman trophy winner never got drafted?
Can I became i success business man?
how did the police acted with the zoot suit?
Playing hard to get?
what should I wear on my first date?
Free Cake?
how to predict future?
i want someone specific in life.who understand me?
I'm scared of being hurt?
how to control a male orgasm?
Wow - did he call me stupid?
positron electron pairs?
What's the best way to contact director Robert Rodriguez?
Job References?
What is the function of an appendix?
braces hurt?
Have You Ever Had Your Account Suspended?
What is a sport and what is just a game?
What is an Unlocked Cellphone?
what's the best way to get over someone?
What is the universe expanding into?
Are Vitamins organic?
When can a nightcapped warrant be served?
How do I erase my status and leave it blanck?
A disturbing Russia?
do wemon like jerks?
A question for the girls...?
i am sexually weak?
hormonal tablets?
Does my rabbit love me now?
What will it take for you to be happy?
How do I get myself motivated to work?
Who do you want to win the Fifa Cup?
where can i download free circumventer?
How many of you are excited that Kelly is gone?
when the bush twins were caught smoking marijuana?
what is the meaning of aquaculture?
i'm looking for k-9 contract work?
Uses??????
Puzzled....why?
should i trust this cowboy?
listen to this...?
Where can I find information on the Mali Garnet?
what is tonya harding up to these days?
Who was the captain of France team in 1998 world cup ?
How did you overcome jealousy?
The right time?
what do girls like about guys?
Why Jews & Christains offend Muslims?
What's the worst advice anyone can give to you?
what should india adopt for betterment?
Who out there actually votes?
What energy caused the Tsunami?
How Do you Get Windows 98 on windows 2000 computer?
where can I watch the UFC in Detroit, MI area?
How do I record cassette tapes onto CDs?
the music video i made?
Virginity until marriage good or bad?
Do you think this might be a good suggestion?
what makes diabetic's ankles swell?
What is an i Bond?
americans running from irak?
How much carbon dioxide can a tree absorb in one year?
at what age do women usually stops having sex?
Who takes command?
Would you say that happiness or success is a god given right?
How can i download free NCIS season 3?
why are drugs used in sport?
How commen is it?
Describe Jose Mourinho's character?
what are "horizontal Internet sites"?
Who is the governor of New Hampshire?
Why is Platini so critical of Les Bleus?
Who is Thomas Paine?
how can i check my credit for free on the internet?
Do you enjoy teasing people? and why?
Which of these substances can be formed by burning fossil fuels?
which alliance will win in tamilnadu assembly elections?
Explain me, please, how do rivers take shape ?
How long does law school take? (See Details)?
How many adopted children feel guilt or shame at being born?
is it wrong to date a man two years younger than me?
What's UP with the thumbs DOWN?
football position,?
What Browser Is Better? and Why!?
Did you see that missing girl?
Share symbol for Dutch Bros coffee?
anti surge system of compressor?
Is sign language an international language?
Why there is a pyramid in our dollar bill?
Is anybody in Track?
Guys, is moaning good?
Hello, does anybody know anything about mexican law?
has anybody here surfed portugal?
what to do when your partner could not occupy your sexual needs?
2 lessons Steinbeck wants the reader to learn from The Pearl?
Dating CoWorkers?
Who will win the Eastern Conference in the NBA?
What happened to Google stock on Tuesday?
When is your birthday?
Are children better motivated by punishment or reward?
what is the purpose of transmition media?
Can someone recommend me a good workout?
Help to figure interest earned per a month at 10%rate?
Carpel Tunnel or..?
Autoplay doesn't work for Blank cd?
Do you support Jewish Zionism? Why or why not?
What minute did Germany score in today?
What is "cheating" to you?
How can I make a remix of songs?
does flag burnin dishonor a veteran?
Whats 5+5=?
Is Notre Dame as good as their record?
Who inVenTEd the RULER?
what were you dressed as for holloween?
If a first class stamp costs 32p?
plz solve my prob?
What do you call an animal that eats fruit?
Do you know a website with good poetry?
do you think TNA is better than WWE?
what is the most appropriate swimming style in open-water swimming?
my girlfriend dumped me how do i get her back?
What is your Fav band??
whats the difference between ice and crystal?
Looking for Aviation companies in San Diego area?
Is Holocaust Remembrance Day celebrated in Germany?
What if...?
What % do you tip?
When can you tell someone you 'love' them?
What is the average salery for a librarian?
Why can't students take MP3 to school?
what is the zone diet?
How do you re-charge a magnet?
Foreigner's English?
Brasil ???????????
Does having not enough sex cause prostrate cancer?
What would you be professionally if you had unlimited funds for education?
what is the good and bad things in the American culture?
How do you define a stupid person?
how to play arppeggios???
What is the best way to find a swingers couple?
Stem Cell help!????
possible theory for new travel?
Democrats only...Help me understand this...?
how would u be?
Where  does the saying 'once in a blue moon" originate?
question below?
How freaking awesome is Rev.Kip?
Neediong assistance?
how did world war one start?
How do I Compute wavelength at 100Mhz?
what is an "active trading"?
what are some fun exercises?
Does your Yahoo Avatar look anything like you?
No one knows what its like.?
who knows the world badminton players?
Does herbalife stuff really work?
differentiate between head of state and head of government?
who is the secretary of state in alabama?
when should i be receiving my state tax return?
What is droop on an electrical grid?
What are 5 things girls look on a guys car?
Polyhedra help #1?
Okay one more question for AP Euro!?
Under what conditions would kinetic energy not be conserved?
Are there paid international airline courier jobs?
Is this fair or not fair whats should i do?
Do you beleive what Riley Martin says?
What is the number?
Have you recently been diagnosed with kainolophobia?
What laws do the Federal Government control?
absolute value inequalites?
how can i become fashion designer?
i need help finding the artist and song?
where can I download diner dash 2?
Recommendations for courses in Nova Scotia?
How do you remove creases from a hockey card?
when and where did surfing (&surfboards) originate?
Have you ever gotten out of a speeding ticket?
write an essay thousand words about pharmacist career.?
How to connect SQL database with Flex2.0?
Who is the Prime Minister of The Bahamas?
schaumburg purpura treatment?
what are some good books that 12 year olds can read?
when is hanuman jayanti?
Why do people vote against their own best interests?
What's the meaning of "bumper jack" in Spanish?
Subcutanus Chip it is legal?
what is miss hoolies favourite colour?
Do you straight women who have a gay guy  best friend?
what are the 10 commandments inside the laboratory?
How do you let them know?
How many people are dead at a cemetary?
Any body have a wwe proboard?
Is This A Smart Blonde?
Database PHP?
Phosphor, Sulphur, Carbon pictures?
Who benefits from the organization locks of love?
How many different kinds of wallpaper groups are there?
What can i do about this?
Do religious people actually think?
How can you answer this problem using gas laws?
would you prefer?
Is david beckham gay?
Can meditation help a person manage their anger?
Any good sites where I can get more info?
Question about a Nanny's income....?
can u make a rap about eminem?
da vinci code movie - national treasure movie connection?
what is 1/2of12=?
If you were president for one day what would you do?
I'm doing an art project about negative and positive space?
BAD DREAM!?  anyone?????
What does a Indusrial Technician do?
Windows 98???
How To Get Her Love Back?
Which countries does the equator go through in South America?
is ronaldinho the best player in the world?
what is best eastenders or emerdale?
How can I answer the question to Mendi8a?
where have been found new animal species?
please i just want to know my friend. please show me?
What happens to the souls of aborted fetuses?
Are all petroleum oils a result of decaying plants and animals?
help!!! why am i gaining weight?
I need help on this Math Question?
can a company lay you off while on sick leave?
Who is your greatest sports idol?
what are your experience with pinched nerve?
How do I get rid of a slice in golf?
what does 100cm equal to in liquid form?
What about some hoochie coochie?
who likes the song emo kid?
Is there a god, if so why?
Whats your last name and what does it mean?
Where is the Dna in a cell located?
the band pretty girls make graves?
what is 15:48 in hours & min?
how do i delete addresses from my address bar?
What distingishes a mixture from an impure substance?
breaking bad habits?
What is your favorite Led Zeppelin album?
just a riddle, if you are good!?
For WWE fans: What is Kane's intro music?
how can i learn morden english?
ok half year anniversary on christmas should i do this?
What's your pickup line?
how can i get rid of cellulite?
Can you get pregnat if your cherry isnt popped?
How do i raise money to get me a dog?
Are there Bots on here?
I Need Help From The Ladies Guys U Can Help?
What is the flooding pattern of the Indian river Krishna?
Need help with ipod?
where can i find dry ice?
What color is Invisible ?
where can i search 4 an essay abt the following topics?
who is mako the actor?
does any one believe in other forms of life out there?
are aetheists non trustworthy?
Is there a Rugby World Cup?
How can I gain weight?
write a c++ program that accept:-?
Banning IPs with .htaccess?
where can i buy the cheapest football equimpent?
uhat is microban tehnologies?
Some good diabetes-friendly recipes?
which is better microsoft or apple?
Should THQ make a wwe legends video game.?
colace in hard pill form?
Who's Florida's new Gov.?
What are the Mets waiting for?
What's love got to do with it?
whats your idea about Lost Highway Movie?
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers?
anyone remember heehaw?
i need to get scholar ship site?
Any Zoroastrians out there?
what question should i ask?
What are ALL of the factors of 116??
How do u get a girl to tell u a secret?
who has one of those new razor phones.?
Where can i get Windows Media Movie Maker?
(boys) what would you look for in a girl?
why is it so hard to leave people you love?
cell culture?
IMDb troll?
what is dry farming?
How do you avoid razor bumps and irritation after shaving?
Tony Sorprano woke up last night, are you surprised?
Where can I find discount college textbooks?
Who said the following quote:?
Computer downloads?
Will seedling trees grow inside?
What are some allergie tips?
lump on neck??HELP??
what's the weather like where u live?
why should I learn LINUX?
where did dmintri mendeleev learn his education?
What is This Song Called and who Sings it???
My Dad's email won't work?
what are the differences between male and female heart ?
who is on the front of the 1,00 dollar bill?
my bf has started cutting himself, am i to blame?
Internet Relationship?
What states can we still register for this election in?
Who is the actor Ryan Reynolds currently dating?
What is the greatest problem society faces today?
Tooth decay?
i have an ipod ....?
please tell me a joke/ riddle or anything?
How has the role of women in the society has change?
what is a positive charge, negative charge, and static electricity?
what are the top 5 pacers ever?
I am looking for One Piece?
Why black people in USA have more rights than white people?
How do you know if what you know is the truth?
i am looking for la damsel clothes shop?
How can I improve my computer skills?
marriage is destiny or you make it happen ?
How soon will Toyota make an impact in NASCAR starting next year?
how do I translate from german to english?
why is anithyn written.....?
looking self adhesive pvc vinyl sheets  for importation?
Hiring illegal immigrant workers.?
Is There any way to remove a past question from being shown?
do coroners use algebra if so how?
Is this equation accurate.?
what kind of mark is Pierre cardin , who known this ?
i need information about digital photography and printing?
What can I sue?
Why is my monitor display incorrect?
dreams coming true??
what if.......?
who does the voice of the gay guy on family guy?
where can i find the printer toolbox in me computer?
Architecture in USA, why it is so ugly?
How Can I Meet My Love "Tya" ??
Whos in GDN?
how old is the sun?
What is a book?
How to undestand that female is ready for final course?
Do pickup lines actually work?
When's the right age to have a boyfriend?!?
What did Hurricane Rita say to Hurricane Katrina???
jobs for mechanical engineers are invisible why?
Who will represent the Democrats and Republicans in the 2008 Presidential race?
Who can Tell me?
Is this number 11, or 3?
How do women really feel about men who wear womens clothing?
Who won Project Runway 2?
How can I change my profile?in Yahoo! Answers?
What do you think about Scott Stapp?
What is the capital of Colombia?
Why zebras cannot be domesticated?
i need to know what is counting principle the question is?
Unmarried Visa? Help? Advice?
Who will win this years World Cup in Germany?
What's the best cold, flu and sore throat remedy?
WHO IS THE BEST:WWEorECW?
is it ok for me to?
what are some adaptaitons of clams?
Auto loan with power of attorney for husband in Iraq?
Where do these Masters of Mind and Thought come from?
Find the missing word.?
When did mtv start???
About  Laue Method?
life estate?
4sinΘ - 3cosΘ = 2?
why  do we need friends?
why guys are so arrogant?
I need a country artist for a song?
Can I delete downloaded install programs?
Who sang the song Dancing In The Streets?
Embarassed by your friends?
how would i know if i am depressed?
Car Drifting With Stock Cars?
Why is air a good insulator?
Why did the Mughal Empire decline?
best swing club las vgas?
how can i get rid of the hiccups?
which capital letters have perpendicular lines ?
How much do houses run for in Boston?
microprocessor architecture?
who is the hottest rugby player in England?
What song is Madonna's Hung up song inspired on?
What Can I do with My Old Magazines?
who is married to maria from wwe?
What is Electoral College? How does is work?
what is social evil prevaling in sociaty ?
Immigration Marriage Interview?
Any cool html coding anyone?
How can you get your goal?
is cosmetic surgery tax deductible?
what is mvc architecture?
morse code was the language of what 19th century invention?
false boys on ultrasound?
Why are democrats in support of the draft ?
what is a acra?
is medicine classified as mass noun?
How do you nicely decline a date with someone?
How can I record on CD 900 MB?
Descendents of Crusaders?
can anyone tell me information regarding charlemagne ?
how many chemicals are there in a cigarette?
can the parent who is owed arears have it dismissed?
Were you breast fed as a baby?
who is he or she to send a good music me?
need stock simbles?
puc II year results what time?
How do you keep your inner child alive?
how good is absolute good?
Do you have a dream to play the guitar ?
Is Purple Micro Dot Still around?
When and how often do you end up sleeping on the couch?
what were popular sports in the 1700's?
how do you make a film with guns?
Are housewives faithful?
Who will when the 2006 world Cup?
how do i hypnotize myself to lose weight?
Gravity Question. (more)?
Do you urinate while showering?
what is wind?
Who sings the song When God Made You?
can heat transfer in vaccum?
Are bees attracted to wasps?
What is the best way to download Indian Movies?
why are those royals?
I NEED a wealthy friend....?
First name of Cohen, composer of Patriotic music.?
Is there really a such thing as "free speech?"?
I need help...?
how can i print  currently running desktop screen?
How do you pronounce Carlise?
how many times does the muscle of the heart contract a day?
What is the full form of E.S.R?
How to prepare rc fuel?
What is the best way to get to heaven?
Could you have sexual arousal while being high?
how can i active stand by on my computer?
is it possible to pemanately block ones opiate receptors?
Nationa Anthem Download?
What is the paper called that the government uses to make money?
Many Christians actually support the war on terror?
Cornell winter weather. Is it worst in USA?
laptop battery problem?
how can i watch cricket matches live on internet?
Why does America not appreciate the world cup football?
Is a immune response involved in alzheimer's disease ?
Men:  how do you like to be seduced?
Hotel regulations?
how to invest in Gold in the form of an equity stock?
mamma we all go to ______ ?
are idol god or not?
Mpbs question?
Why planes does'nt make noise in the nights?
MAC Question?
where can I find intersting topics for male teens?
what are some good home assembly jobs?
Best Rap group.. G-unit or D-block?
what is tussive syncope ?
wat is the difference between communism & socialism?
how do you think about norouze?
How did accents become to be in the UK?
what are the properties of different types of paper?
Is there civilian ware in Iraq?
Question for Ladies- Do u think men with tattoos are hot?
who lost someone very special? who was he/she?
Is telepathy real?
does willie mays still play baseball?
y is paris hilton famous?
what happens when the president doesn't sign a bill?
Embassies: What are the real tasks of the Ambassador ?
point to ponder-?
how do kids 10 and over make a website?
CSS Table tooltip question?
Looking for specs on this shredder?
Deleting myspace?
How many college students are there in the united states?
Quick question about the England vs. Sweden kick off time.?
where can we find some women to im?
Video Input Viewer?
how do i know if my boyfriend loves me back?
Mouse Problems?
Why doesnt my Computer register to windows when it should be?
Need help!! looking for a movie title!?
Should media be subject to government controls?
When did Whoopi Goldberg become dyslexic?
Does anyone have any inspirational stories they would like to share?
What is a goood site to find about surf?
who do  you  think going to win \nbaseball?
Black Friday...?
why did russia enter world war 1?
Why my stomach hurts me after sex?
Why am i sad?
what is shared video card memory?
who discovered Peru?
my secretary of state?
will they ever make tv in 3d?
help me to love?
email cleint with emails displayed in tabs?
What is the best facial cleanser?
Why does Life have to take away your innocence?
If I looked like my Avatar...?
What inspired MCR to write the song Cancer?
ooooo someone needs to chill?
what temp holds the most amount of oxygen?
i nee to know where a free registry download is?
Do you believe in racism?
who do i choose...the girl or the dog?
Why is it illegal to drive with barefeet?
Computer query?
i want to date a girl from iraq?
Amity University...?
how many days you are using yahoo chat room?
Is your family your best circle of friends?
what do i do?
who is the highest paid chealse football player?
Who do you think is gonna win Italy or Germany?
How do you homestead your property legally?
how much is Google shares compare to Microsoft?
do you consider "fat" unattractive?
why do couples who try to get a baby fail so badly?
An old but cute joke!?
Can David Blaine really hold his breath for 9 minutes?
Hello what is everyone?
I need a good  persasive eassy topic Help?
is it okay to like one guy and love/date another?
what is banana bean 1?
What causes a very late period?
What is the name given to the material transported by a glacier?
Does Human Height increase during their sleep?
What info do i need to portfoward my router?
In Polish, how do you say "good morning"?
Do liberals hate Walmart?
Anybody who likes OSHO?
why do you need warm water to dissolve ice faster?
Does anyone know the website for the new network the cw?
What is the Dulip trophy? (In India)?
Iraqi government?
Is piczo free?
password recovery software?
My friends do laundry at my apartment?
Are you easily scared?
what is the zip code of Nepal?
what figure of speech is this?
I can't enter any chat room!?
what diffrent eprom with prom?
So, what the heck DOES lol mean?
i need friends from midle east to chat?
Does any body no the name of this 80s song?
where is "tic tac" made?
Who is your fav actor or actress?
Hitting a Deer?
planet with old dried up river valleys?
How do I install paint?
Why does our eyes hurt?
what  is the history on bat man.?
Have you ever been a victim of NLP?
Why are liquids denser than gases?
where are cheap education universities?
How to heal back problems?
Gay Star Signs?
what is your favorite?
who was the pumpkin in the legend of the sleepy hollow?
What are the elements of the second column of this matrix?
am i a hottie? (for boys)?
who is plato ?
Creatine and Ripped Fuel???
renal colic,its causes and treatment?
what products is good to whiten ur teeths?
What is the title of inuyasha movie five?
who are the top 5 most MVP awarded player?
This can't be right?
what finger does jack palance use in city slickers?
is there software to transfer slides to digital photos?
a joke about monks?
what is your name?
What was the first presedent of Guatemala?
how do I set my resolutions on pc?
wat is term metrosexual defined as?
cleaning out system for a parole drug test for meth use?
Where can I find a English to Latin dictionary???
What are humans called that have both sex organs?
for any guys out there....?
please help me with precalc!!?
Has anyone ever answered those email ads about earning gift cards?
two guys one girl?
Is there a song with the name Ashley in it?
Need a laugh!??
Who will lose the superbowl?
help me plz?
Have anyone heard anything about Necroscope the movie?
What was Inuyasha's father's name?
Break-Up Help!?
can i be single on valentines day?
WCWS Theme Song on ESPN?
what is meaning of sparingly?
what is cialis?
Has anyone ever tried the Seattle Sutton diet?
Is porn addiction real?
What do you consider more important, beauty, money or intelligence?
Other than harsh brushing, what else causes gum line recession?
Was Goldust a bad idea?
Is this sounds good???
which came first the egg or the chicken?
job corps?
I need help?
Should I date him again?
1/4+1/8= what?
chromosome 9 trisomy mosaic treatment?
philippines laws related to halth care services?
harmful effects of peg-40?
Is Atherosclerosis contagious?
what is a bubbler?
Chemistry problem?
Biblical question for some clarification?
Have you ever fallen asleep on the phone?
Should I go to my son's wedding?
what is the origin of gods?
Any tips for point sparring?
whats the best gift to be given to a guy?
How do I change the default installation drive (C:)?
Can you go to the library in any town?
What do you call those people who summoned Devil?
Any MATS/TIP/CTY students out there?
how can i rename my start button on the desk top?
do hillbillies really love it in the HAY?
what is it?
15RB in a F of S?
How do you actually find that special someone?
Would you buy drugs from...?
which is more fatty??
How do you use a compiler?
what do i do?
what is djuice?
whats the best classic rock band?
Who scored the most goals in a single World Cup Finals game?
Can oxygen be deliberated from all oxygen containing compound?
what is cast iron?
Do you like manatees?
Sustainable Building concept?
Number of major cities and populations in the Dominican Republic?
Approximately how many uncharted desert islands exist?
What does a&w stand for?
Should we be answering these homework questions?
Are apricots a good snack to eat before running?
where is Ghesnes?
I'm totally unsure. Help me?
what is the latin word for left handed?
are you xenophobic?
Guess what I heard?
microsoft access vs.MySQL?
Is 'Dubya' the REAL terrorist?
I want to learn to sew where do i start?
how do i make thins move?
should i find a new church?
How Can Anyone Believe In Evolution?
do you think that internet relationships are real?
does anyone have a build-a-bear?
how big is the univeral?
What do I do? (Girl likes girl)?
how do doctors treat burn victims?
Any good paintballing places around North New Jersey?
Things to do around Ohio U?
Are guys intimidated by smart girls?
when do i use dental floss, after brushing or before?
Where did the phrase "A penny for your thoughts" originate?
what are you watching on tv right now?
why won't my laptop boot up?
How many medals will Canada win in the upcoming Torino winter games?
What did you do on Thanksgiving?
University/Career?Help...?
take v as root over .?
What do you think about the new tv show Eureka?
how do i unlock my computer?
Various Chemistry Questions...can you help?
"I'm over you" songs.?
i forgot to mention?
¿What Does mosfet stand for?
remove critical system error by virusbusters from taskbar?
What about the Kentucky Derby?
so many questions?
what is this port on the back of my laptop?
who can  be  a  true  lover?
Don't you think...?
Dig it or Diss it?
Is running out of candy a legitimate reason to leave work early?
What is oxidation??
Has anyone been through a break-up and gotten back together?
Australians: Do you hate or starting to hate Indonesia?
Has anyone had a positive Banner experience?
I need a name of a movie?
What are the rotations in Iraq for the United States army?
Do you believe that you pay for the sins of your father?
Do you know about gallbladder disease?
name the goemetry of negative curavture?
what are the advantages of fungi secreting antibiotics?
Stress management techniques?
where can i chat with webcams?
What extracurricular activities look best on a college application?
What training is needed?
Could I be pregnant?
Oh ,What a world we live in...?
why are men so afraid of telling the truth?
what ingredients at home can i use to shine a coin with?
how are charge-offs legal?
homepage wont stay. what can i do?
SoS Cheval Rétif?
Would you date someone that is a different race?
Bar at bottom of explorer page has vanished?
i am looking for a girl aged 20-25 for dating?
any massage tips?
Who is ur hero?
How do you define "classic rock"?
Any comments on GNC Mega Whey Extreme?
Will serving on jury duty affect my unemployment benefit's?
Where is Mexico ?
I have been feeling weak and tired why?
What is Spain's exchange rate?
How much are we indepted to China?
What is the best Protein Shake?
Americans are cruel, without haiti they would suffer?
How to override internet blocks at libraries?
Is there a way to flood Israel?
do u hate kikyo? and why?
Answer this riddle if U can?
can kobe get 100 point game?
part-time and full-time students?
best natural diabetic sugar control?
can i claim a home equity loan on my tax?
I need help?
Monica or Rachel?
dictionary  word ibuprofen 800mg?
What is the meanest religion?
who sang the theme tune to bad boys?
Why grocery stores' frozen foods for diabetes tastes bad?
True or false / Funny or not ???
In the liberal utopia, will there be abortions?
Japanese Kid's Tatoos?
what a cool spider name>?
What factors cause the price of oil to increase?
Should Bush be tried like Saddam?
educational web sites for children?
ideal gas law?
can you find any anime  tickling pictures?
Who is a AC/DC fan?
self defense courses located in buffalo, NY?
Looking for a birth mother in WISCONSIN?
Who should Alabama hire as their new football coach?
If the moon was made of cheese, would you eat it?
why are people so cruel to people who are different?
how do we know wht all we want from life?
What are the best investments to make in 2006?
give me 5 diseases in digestive system?
what negative side effects are the result of using crack?
is 89.com totally free?
xp home edition & 98 network problem?
usa in the world cup?
i need help please?
Bulger or Rivers in Week 13?
FInd the Logistic Function?
Tips for diving?
what is era in assyrian?
Songs from the show Friends?
how much money does a Subway franchise make annually?
OK, stupid internet question, I know...?
Why the african girls' butt is very huge?
do you hate bush and why or why not ?
How do I set up installments payments for my 2005 taxes?
How do you feel about the Miami Heat winning the championship?
white board?
who is god?
Does anyone know the biggest and smallest penis sizes ever recorded?
Where can I find an SAT answer document?
how old are you?
What is the best way to ask a lady out?
What are some pros and cons to a suna?
Who wants to vent?
only answer this if you are a police officer?
Excuse me while I light my spliff?
How many times should I wash my face?
How Old Are You?
How cool is it to be a firefighter?
What are the average times for High School 100-meter races?
What is the scariest thing about myspace?
arthoscopic knee surgery anyone got experience to share??
which is true religionP?
What is the Significance of Cyanobacteria?
Does Southern California owe a debt of gratitude to the minutemen?
What is the best synthetic sleeping bag insulation?
what can you say about the structural design of the computer system?
Have you ever called for help ?
what jobs would you recommend for current college students?
I need your help with the internet problem.?
who is the govement leaders in chile?
Stargate Technology?
Why are people/ kids today such sheep?
I've seem to have lost my happy mask.?
how does technology lead to social isolation?
what are some jokes about christians?
why does our parents always remind us about their past?
What do you guys think about this quote...?
how to make more money?
can love+sex(under age)=Happy?
what is the advantage of equity over debit?
How can I do a good PhD?
Should Federal Justices check the President in person?
Who is pulling the strings?
On what day of the week did 5th May 1947 fall?
Does anyone know the tricker symbol for virgin Atlantic airlines?
has anyone ever used a network scanner called packet analyzer?
is it true that man always pay for sex?
How get eletricity from lightning?
Agree or disagree (see details)?
At My School, A Twin?
wat are the different types of gases?
where can i find info about the new fog tv ?
where do i get the solutions for aieee 2006 from?
i think obese!?
what is the website for hot 107.9?
Why Do we Vote?
How many degrees of freedom does a Quantum Dot have?
What is acrophobia?
Slow Computer!!!!?
What famous person in History would you invite to your dinner table?
why me on earth?
Human Guinea Pigs?
exact equation?
what is sales tax?
Why would Big Ben be so stupid?
Where could I find a hott red head guy for dating?
When blondes have more fun do they know it?
would you love a guy that is so hot?
What is x?
Help in solving this math problem?
MySpace Question!!!?
Is Vladamir Putin a good leader for Russia?
how was yr thankgivin?
whats your favorite color?
Who invented Venn diagram?
why is there only one mergers and monopoly commision?
What are your definitions of Family Ties and Family Values?
what do you really hate in love ?
Why hasn't Naruto episode 211 come out yet?
Should I make a move on this guy?
Best sayings on Key chains...?
How many earths are there really?
What movie is this?
Are the strong and weak nuclear forces realistic?
Do you think Jim Thome is juicing?
10 most favorite artistes?
tree ornament?
what some one have to do to live in this world?
Who is the best MLB player?
can different nations have good love life together?
Can anyone tell me about CBS and Viacoms split up?
is der ne gals for freindship??
What is an act 610 of 1991?
Do the koala's still have the clap?
What are "drug crimes"?
How can you help someone to stop drinking.?
what is the difference between a financial statement and an income statement?
What should I do about Mr. MD?
Are my  "gay" feeling normal?
ear stapling?
what information would be the most helpful...?
Have you ever laughed?
do you know anyone with breast cancer ?
Do any of you know of anyone looking to buy a home?
Exactly how many Palestinans are there outside Palestine?
surprise for my gf?
where did the matter come from that the big bang emitted?
What are two kinds of bone fractures?
wats the difference between infantry in the army and marines?
i fall in love with my classmate tell me what to do?
what is a side effect of being over tired?
Do you think Kenny Chesney is hot?
in need a essay on being accountable?
can you marry someone within the religion without dating?
How well do you know your home?
What are the numbers of non-Christians who celebrate Christmas?
Advanced Individual Training?
does anyone need to refinance in the greater bay area?
how many people have flirted with you this week?
what gang would you prefer gd or blood?
a-z words on slavery in us?
who is the president of kosovo?
are there any jobs available in winchester for heather?
why do people get totally wasted every day?
What Beatles song describes your significant other?
why do males plays soccer all the time?
Where can I go to find out where a movie was made?
who thinks that putting extra horemones in cows is mean?
Help me out?
job listings at schools in michigan?
Yeah, but what's "really" bugging you?
Do you FBI types know emotinal wolf?
Who do you think is gonna win the NCAA championships?
what is the ending salary of RN and LPN?
Who is going to win this season's Survivor?
how does the increase of oil price affects inflation?
What has happened to the TV Show "Still Standing" ?
I Think I Smell Something Burning? What Should I do?
Who else is sick of the liberal/conservative bickering?
How too become a gangster?
when your feeling down and alone what do you do?
does the post office deliver on veteran's day?
please help...?
Is now the time to expand the human race towards space?
What happened to the tv show Threshold?
why so cold?
career options after T.Y.B.Com?
What did you learn today?
is it true?
Advice on letter to a prospective employer.?
when dating why do men see other females while sexually involved already?
Do color blind people ever get the blues?
Please solve showing work?
Did Pres. Bush lie about the war in Iraq?
Home for the Aged, Philippines?Government?
what is adversarialism?
Ted Haggard?
Funny question , need sincere answers, pls?
Topics for powerpoint project?
Is tableless layout better than the table ones?
can drinking cause a man to be sterile?
Bat and Ball?
What do you think of Anarchism?
Oakwood college scool colors?
what is photometry?
What is the share price outlook for MicroSoft?
I'm curious...?
Describe  the structure of the spinal cord.?
How do I unblock myspace?
what is this quote from?
how was the lake of the ozarks formed?
what is the perfect match for a leo?
Easiness to report to Credit reporting agency?
What is 'Doosra' bowling in cricket??
wanna be my friend???
what is the function of a dendrite?
Fiancee visa?
As you get older????
were can i get free psychic readings?
What bank is the best or top used?
What is the holiest shrine in Judaism?
Do you peoples think what happened to Saddam Hussain is Unfair?
Was there a nuclear explosion in India thousands of years ago?
How do you cut it at not cutting it?
How do u kiss a person?
What is a good website for smoker friendly chat?
Spanish Help:  Yo pregunto mucho preguntas?
Would you be happy if your doctors name was Dr Death?
Do we have "answer" in spanish?
what is origin of valentines day?
Why are men so afraid of commitment?
Should under twenty five's be given the vote?
what should i do?
where does your spirit go when you die?
What is the best raggaton song ever?
Whats the difference between an animal and a house?
I need a screen name that fits me??
basic knowledge of shara market?
is it possible to extend the length and breath of the penis?
How do i remove this blue screen error?
doe you think chingy is hot?
divorce rates are increasing - why?
What is the most effective type of situps?
~What iz Manchester United?
what do you think about threesomes?
order form to get tiger base ball cards?
my life sux?
Sushi on Saturdays?
Now that Dems are in charge?
What is HTML and all things related to that ?
why   does attraction take place in male and female?
whats good for acne SCARS?
Which of these describes you best?
Who here likes U2?
Why do white potatoes give off more electricity then apples?
What seperates Boys from Men?
Will Hilary Clinton run for president?
my husband claims hes never cheated?
About the employment application...?
What's your favorite RSS reader?
how do you make methamphetamine?
Is there any side effects from local anethesia?
Is going through a man house wrong?
what are some good exercises to get rid of those love handles?
who do u like from the favor of love ?
Is there any true evidence of alien activity in the universe?
Is achieving eternal bliss possible?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the best web quiz/test maker?
Your beliefs:?
defiition of recreation?
what is ypager.exe?
Where did the internet come from? Who invented it?
go shopping?
what is a massive heart attack?
do sex n love go together?
whatz graet about sex?
How tall is ciara?
are the boreal owl endangered?
How do you get rectal beads in?
Does anyone Knows when PS3 comming out in UK?
Can internet chat rooms be dangerous?
Can wisdom teeth cause headaches?
how can i tell how much space is left on hard drive?
Oliver Khan !!!?
what is the legend of Tir na nOg?
here's a riddle for you?
why do people like Emo music?
a sardar ji joke ;)?
starting a webdesign company?
Will you still love me tomorrow?
tympanoplasty success?
What makes you laugh?
detection of chicken pox?
Database software for Mac OS X?
I have a problem!!?
why is my ex-girlfriend such a b*tch?
What is a tree that grows upside down?
What will happen to Manchester United after Sir Alex Ferguson retires?
do you like south America ?
Why are guys clueless?
Blondes are_______?
four plus two?
how much is an apollo steel tubular rod worth?
Excel Help?
Why Do My Veins Hurt?
How to get rid of heights phobia?
Is it bad for your body to drink at 16?
what is the Virginia code that prevent the verbal recording of someone?
how do i track my boyfriends ip?
Do you really believe there is someone for everyone?
where can i go for better interpretation of the amendment's?
Myspace help?
Does anybody else agree that Roy Jones Jr. was overrated?
ok what do i do?help grrrrr?
sport hockey winner?
I need more information about the brown berets?
Mac or Pc?
In peyton manning married?
what is the difference between velocity and speed?
why are post-tension concrete plates good?
What does the word "trikling" mean?
check it out ----- to help please?
Where is Stephen Girard?
do you hate studying?
Why do they change the rules in the NHL for the playoffs?
What do Mexican women like sexually?
Help with a math Proportion Question?
how do i fill the admition form?
What are the Pyramidal Tracks?
what were the uses of algebra in the 1700's?
rash under breasts?
what are the benefits of yoga?
A virus I need to get rid of?
around how many chinese people live in new york city?
Science..Theoretical qustion?
who is the president of Chine?
Do guys like it when you shake your butt when you walk?
Who is going to win, Mavericks or Spurs?
Where can I compare the quality of Video Cards?
Do you ever get called a slut or a whore?
I need Info on stuttering please help.?
Rational equation help?
Is anyone watching the Madonna concert on C4?
What's one of the worst movies ever made?
I like to know, What is your size?
Math question:?
what is the score of the game rapid-steaua?
wholesale dropshipper?
is it tough to do graduate studies in UC Berkeley?
how do i get alot of points?
Did you know...?
what is the history of allusion?
what does bonacera mean?
what is the best way of expressing self?
Did Britney Spears divorce kev?
racism and stereotypes?
Some keys on my keyboard dint’ work?
is it possible to build a domed house under the ocean?
why do changes occur in supply ,demand, and pricing?
Think you're really smart at Biology? Answer this!?
how to get rd of hippcup?
linear equations?
Still need help?
Can Any one tell me about history of christianity?
i have a knot on my labia?
Question for the younger ladies-nothing perverted?
how to rid your system of marijuana without using cleansers?
Doug has a car...?
which is better? silver or gold?
Power Point Problem?
Why do I need to change my contact lenses?
where can find hard ruber to by it?
Is it true...?
Hillary Clinton in 2008?
What medical conditions is medicinal marijuana prescribed for?
Is this sentence correct?
Which college did you attend (or attending)?
whats your favorite music group?
which wwe wrestler would be a good or bad bad actor?
Lazy Susan from 1946?
Girls, how much do  you wash up after sex?
Why doesn’t prayer work?
Who is your ultimate crush?
Does anybody know anything about the rapture?
what can you do to make ur self esteem go up?
how kan i get beter at football?
what is h-pylori antigen?
Where corruption can occur?
where is your favorite place to shop?
16e equals 176?
anyone read the news today?
what must we know about our customer?
Why is etiquette important today ?
is 16 cups larger than 1 gallon?
why is the sky blue?
what rhymes with wing or wings?
who can give a specific definition of the American Dream?
Why are all of these questions so lame?
what are some good ways to make people jealous?
How many calories does jump roping burn?
Who is your favorite member of Motley crue and why?
Why does sweat have a strong odor?
What is your favorite game show past or present?
what things do we use every day that are never advertised?
is emailing someone across seas cheating?
When Does Hockey Season Actually Start? Meaning What month?
How do you answer Como son in spanish?
Shakira's new vidio?
Internet Telephony?
How can u know that ur husband Loves you?
details of bihar panchayat elections 2006?
touch sensor?
What is your favorite food that starts with a P?
We consume alcohol and smoke cigarette despite its consequences.. why?
favorite audrey hepburn movie?
Where can I buy lye for making soap?
What do Mr. Bush and Saddam have in common?
What are the ground rules of energy flow?
Should we republish Muhammed picture?
the effect of drug enforcement?
in 256 mb memory card how many songs can you store?
name three cell organelles that are made up of membrane systems?
WWE fans...?
should toys be allowed in the bedroom?
why do men like sex more than women?
Math homework help!?
What type of person would make your Life worth living?
What would be a good?
Help! Wont know whats going on!!?
Should Barry Bonds do us all a favor and just retire?
looking for a survey on line to do at night?
eliptical / spin bike?
How are Comets propelled through Space.?
why do stars have different classifications?
Can a person begin to pay income tax at 65?
what do you expect for the year to come?
Why do Russian woman have a bad repuation?
For how many years can an average Racing Horse race?
Guys - do you like hair extensions on a girl?
What did I eat?
Tax question.....?
Where does Shakira live?
When did humans create the Grim Reaper character?
how to make a powerful essay?
nine more than -8 times a number is -7?
What is cold agglutinin?
how do i manage my time to get first rank?
i eat slate pencils.how can i stop this habit?
What software would you use for a meat processing business?
What is the difference between Satan and Lucifer?
Road Blocks??
What were the maccabean wars about?
Who is up for Polygamy?
When was the war of 1812?
etiquette of chewing gum in public?
How many storeys ?
who is the best wwe wrestler do u think?
what this song ?????
whats your favorite food at thanksgiving?
How can I make one of my mp3s shorter?
when is your birthday?
Do you think the democrat national convention will be like this?
Is Hong Kong an Island or A Mainland/ Land Mass?
how do you make a long distance relationship work out?
Does my best friend care anymore?
is there any one cool answer my question?
If you kill your lawyer will they give you another free?
what is the date of the 2006 American Music Awards?
when is the time of putting oval in wemen?
which bras r gud?
que va devenir cassano?
what can i do if my girlfriend is hurting my feelings?
What do I do...?
which is the largest country in Europe?
can anybody give some nice tips to quite smoking?
How can I trace my friend Dean Dunham?
Song on Bones episode?
what affect does acid have on metals?
Crusties in my eyes?
why are some questions that are not offensive being removed?
Why am i attracted to women that have problems?
when is mike jones dropping his next ablum?
Should there be any abridgments to free speech?
Does anybody know what radio station Radio Disney is on ??
what are the 5 obligations of a  muslim?
what consumer behavior is seen at hypermarts?
The only thing certain is death and taxes?
help please .........?
does  "potential" mean anything?
how rice hull make usable? for income generating?
What is GODS favorite flavor of ICE CREAM?
how do i find out if he's married?
what is the effectiveness of role play in teaching?
Were the Israeli troops justified in firing on women surrounding the mosque?
Why dont Yahoo! games work on my computer?
Should private corporations be in charge of our electoral process?
wat do  u think about a scorpio guy?
what is the air force colors?
Is VR [Virtual Reality] Internet possible ?
can anyone tell me who celebrated first Halloween and why??
How would you recommend to make a 3D model of yellow fever?
why we sould make the relationship of marriage?
What is the history of a jackalope?
how do i tune my drums?
what is the value of 1925 liberty silver dollar?
In your opinion, Which is better Yahoo or Google and why?
What are some of the biggest differences between college and pro football?
Is love an obssession?
Do you think Tom Hanks looks like Bill Murray in disguise?
what is screwed?
how do you say kangaroo in japanese?
what year was superbowl 27?
What's the worst drug out there nowadays?
benefits and drawbacks of using computers in modern life?
How  to change name in india?
What is faith as in the Bible?
Does the Ku Klux Clan have men only?
El America or Las Atlas which is better?
Can Some..???
who created mini golf?
legal question need serious answers PLEASE?
What does the expression "trolling" mean?
Myspace question?
sulphide stress corrosion cracking?
Tips for completing thesis quickly?
what is your wildest dream?
what is a chat?
For Gals only...?
Are LCD monitors with TV and computer connections a good bet?
when was Ganguly played his first oneday international?
Why is attendance make-up necessary in highschool?
what guitar does conrad keely use?
Why relegate Twellman to alternate status?
Friends leads to Friendship?
When will mommy come home?
What are the ways to get an adderall prescription?
Gift Idea suggestions for the family with literally everything?
How can I become a better reader?
not really a question but...?
where can i find bungee jumping in greece?
Financial Aid for College?
will a bullet discharge in space from a firearm?
Science question with caves?
Media centre file problem?
what do eggs have to do with easter?
can yo name Jesus 12 diciples?
why does the presdent  united states look so dumb?
Hey, guys, I put my question in the wrong category?
Who will win the WC 2006?
c mysteries??
enthalpy of vaporization?
why acid are dangerous from human beings?
Can anyone help me track down a specific quarter horse?
Why do we say "Knock the Wood"?
How many years does do you think the united states have left?
wat book in the Christian bible talks about sex?
what does the term chemistry mean?
Would you give up the ability to LIE?
i tell u a joke tell me how did u like?
if   family disturbs in studies what to do ?
Why does life suck?
biography of nomar garciaparra?
Answer this riddle.?
what qualifications does one need to do a degree in social work?
how to tell my mom that i got my period?
do you want to study in SBOA school?
what i will be  in the future?
Volleyball injury help, please.?
what bank has good online banking?
boys, what do u look for in a girl?
How to Tee off straight?
Can we simulate a blackhole in a lab?
Christians please help?
Help me figure out this movie please!?
Why am I getting this error?
How can i become a better lineman?
USA vs. Czech Republic? SCORE?
will the Democrats appeal the National ID card slated for May 2008?
fertilization?
Is Never-Never Land Always-Always Land?
who will be the next captain of team india?
are Aries and Cancer compatible?
What was you favorite coolest line in a movie?
what is CRM?
how do you turn on the backup utility on windows xp?
why'd this happen?
Are there really ALIENS among us right now?
what do you think?
what's the best paintball marker under $300?
What is the difference in franchising and licensing?
how can I Fly With My Hands?
Lasik....Have you done it?
What should I do?
Where can I get ephredra for weight loss?
how much sleep do i need a day?
how do i dump my Girl friend?
What does dorado subio mean? (spanish)?
Has anyone ever heard of Yoga Booty Ballet?
Which one is better; knowledge or forget?
Who is the Master. and who is Margarita??
explain how the four types of seasons are caused.?
What are the tools of monetary and fiscal policy?
Jason Mraz (vs.) or John Mayer?
Do you guys think Yahoo! Answer is the next big thing?
whos better Goldberg or Brock lesnar?
Why do they call the University of Tennessee the Vols?
Where or how are indian beads created?
What's the sweetest thing...?
Be honest: Am I annoying?
how do you greet your knee?
what is the effect if we mastrubate daily?
is hockey your favorite sport?
What would happen if a tsunami hit Japan?
promiscuous by:nelly furtado?
which blog website?
Who do you think will run for president next election?
Who is the most beautiful female in this world?
So, did anyone see Jay Brown this weekend?
where can i find a flash program that reads text?
do u think this is good?
whats the meanin of life?
how do u kno a guy likes u?
what is the imp to start business?
I need your opinion(s), please!!!?
What is an IMAX cinema?
How do you figure the tax if you only have the total?
How are e-mails lost in Outlook Express ?
What does the term marketing mean?
what is a utility club for golf?
why do so many people find sex offensive?
How do you close Port 7000?
how can you get to around a firewall blocking a website?
I lost him, how can I get him back ?
Will Ronaldo be in the Brazilian Squad for this world cup?
can I lose 20 pounds safely in a few months?
What is the purpose of electrons orbiting around an atom?
Why am I like this?
what are your views on....?
Where any pastor of mbb Arabic Christian church in US?
Why school & college boys become addict &habitual ?
can low sugar in a diabetic make them sleepy ?
Are you a...?
do you know of any free mp3 player software?
Grammar Nazis......answer this question!?
What would you change about public schools? Why?
Can I watch some space mission from TV or PC etc?
Which team won the fifa world cup 1970?
When did the sea lions begin arriving in San Francisco bay?
how do i erase my history on the computer?
From whence a Democrat's moral code?
Why are barns red??
what are faults when talking about landforms and stuff?
What does HOSA mean?
From where did Tsunami get its name from?
how does a person answer a question thru their e mail?
I need a question?
Becoming a Super Dad?
Are you or do you know of any Bangladeshi Americans?
antibiotics & hiccups?
Why do we have to die?
will kelly marry shayne ward?
is it legal?
for men with kids.....?
when will someone answer my Bealtes questions?
Did Jesus ask many questions? Why or Why not!?
demonstrate charge?
what should i give my new girlfriend as a first gift?
need white shower curtain fabric by the meter?
what should i do about this friendship?
how do I change the background of my home page?
how long do rose hair tarantulas live?
shoulder gun holster for p89 ruger?
How do you enter this website: nimbo.net?
Max and Min Values; Mean Value Theorem?
What is the worst team in baseball history?
is the earth really round/?
Have the english cricketers bottled it?
What should i do about my body odor?
Is anyone here a raw vegan dieter?
AKA Rally?
How many answers do you get when asking Yahoo answers ?
what is the temperature in london right now?
What are the steps to change your homepage?
Did I kick her to the curb too soon?
How do you stop liking someone when your already in a relationship?
What is the story behind your pets name?
How to get a Mining Engineer Job in Australia?
guys, i need help!?
where is the best place in the countr to ski?
Justifiable or gross abuse of power?
what do you indulge in?
Gurl Problems?
How long is a PCI-X slot?
what does the name maquille mean??
what is company affiliation?
Why did hindus create so many deities?
Is drake bell hot?
what makes you believe in Jesus christ?
freestyle motor cross events in Louisiana?
Can anybody name any famous Irish-Americans?
Profiles on here?
i need help .....?
Who is the most hated pro wrestler right now?
Who has the slowest heartbeat in the world?
What are renewable natural resources?
how to brak firwall.?
attracted to older guys.?
did someone have the answers to essentials health care marketing book?
Is it just a phase-ish thingy?
latest on parkinson disease?
what should i do with pimple in my face?
ideas that link facts and concpts about biology?
Do you know the definition of "soapboxing"?
help i got chickenpox!!!?
what to do?
How to be a better setter?
does annal sex hurt really bad?
what is the name of the seventh harry potter book?
How do i tell someone i am faster than them?
Why can't I find a job?
would you marry a 30 year old guy?
What are some conditions that can cause spikes in blood pressure?
whats going on in puerto rico?
why world HATE serbians?
what is the method of sucess in exam?
add commas and end marks to the sentences for me please?
Whats the one thing u were taught...?
Can a deer look "UP"?
what is blog?
can you help me with this?
how to get the work permit visa in USA on Indian passport?
science physics project?
How can i stop smoking pot for good?
Why do I continually get religious questions to answer?
Where can  get clippers tickets?
where can i find demolition derby car club sites?
help with tangents?
What fraction of 2km is 25m?
what are stars made off?
anybode working in hp Bangalore?
Algebra Help?
were there any black presidents?
Why are people like this?
I want to know about design of a slab?
Where is the Dead Sea?
Do you have to pay taxes on a foreign investment?
How do I know which brokerage firm to trust?
how do you know a man truly loves a woman?
where can i sell used pc parts quick and local?
How do I help my grandparents safe at home?
Jose Reyes = Best Shortstop?
how to bisect line using compass?
For or against gay marriages? Why?
who won ufc bad intentions?
Whats up with my week old runny nose?
what is a relational database management system?
A few questions, in fact.?
who here likes country music?
Does anyone know?
pi symbol? how to make it using the keyboard?
when is bt hub being connected to the tv?
How does this song make you all feel?
Elemetns help!?
What would be the best prank call?
How big is the universe?
is he really sick....?????
Can you be a good discus thrower without strength?
cd writing?
who is goining to play the final?
help me plzz??
Looking for Online Christian Community Forums?
Qu'en pensez vous?
is today a good day to die ?
Where are the nuclear weapons in Iraq?
Which came first RNA or DNA?
Question I want to join the NAVY...?
whats the difference between embyo an fetus?
is charles darwin's theory flawed?
What race is God? Is he white , black, brown ?
Guys ejaculate its a stated fact.?
Your Favorit Minimal Techno artist?
tracing ghosts?!!?
who is a chocolate girl?
People hurt ya when ya seem strange - why?
Best Websites for Cryptography?
What country was Francesco Totti's sister born?
Thinking out of the box.  Does it always help?
why must a business owner manage information as a resource?
it's all over but the crying for the Bears?
plz giv me exam tips very urgent?
Who's the best Australian Rules Football player of all time?
Why did George W. Bush…….?
What are some affiliate programs?
girls big day out?
What is optical SETI?
I wonder if any celebrities come to this sight?
can you develop breast milk even i f you are not pregnant?
Do people generally send anniversary cards?
what is an I 94, what does it do?
how can i decode TPS on my pc?
who had a good day & why?
Measurements..?
Why do men find lady cops so damn sexy?
what really happened on 9/11?
What is past tense of strive?
Husband still partying??
How can i study in Australia?
what is banana republic?
can anybody teach me how to talk off warts?
why are you more hungry on some days than others?
whats the good thing you did today for someone else?
how can i erase history on a computer?
Better, or worse?
what is a labotomy?
where wiill the soccer game hold?
Jog everyday?
Anyone can help me with this how do I convert?
Can anyone tell me what supplementary colors are?
What Colombian soccer player was murdered by unknown thugs?
wht does latin word "coniun" mean?
Why do peole get so upset over religion?
Has anyone had experience in Obesity? stories please?
I feel awful and miserable since i had to wear glasses.?
How to stomach a freeloader?
Define PAP?
Mother In Law! Please Help....?
Bible Fanatics?
It feel like I have a pill stuck in my throat.?
What is the benefit for a man to get married?
If you were Usama Bin Laden where would you be?
Did Katt Williams ever get released on bail?
Is anyone watching the  pay for view boxing match this weekend?
where can i find a study done over narcolepsy?
what is the meaning of life?
algebra 2?
What are 2 ways you can perform acultomancy?
If an astronaut was space walking on a planet or moon?
do u have a cpu?
What was the first year of the FIFA world cup?
Loans fo college?
Do indoor air purifiers really work?
when is labour day?
Why do you think conservatives are called "The Right" ?
How important is?
what exactly is a bumbklatt?
saying no to lending out state I.D?
how to get rid of a cold fast?
how can i have a scholarship in Germany?
How come great sex doesn't guarantee an orgasm?
What are some good places to meet 30-somethings?
when will I win a powerball?
wich city is going to be a new capital of Korea?
what is Math Dyslexia?
im looking for some good skill!!!!?
Did anyone take the GED?
What do u think?!?
where do i find my compressed zipped folder??
Should I quit? Or stay?
what work would you do for free? something you really love?
what do you recommend for me?
how to naturally get rid of static cling?
why cant i download diner dash2 anywhere else?
why do girls like johney depp so much?
whats up with my period?
Identify the person & the logo?
you claim His name but do you live for Him?
research on malachite?
Physics Question...Please help?
Explain why liquids take the shape of their containers?
Why are people?
is there sin in heaven?
can anyone help me with my question?
Cat & Dog Language?
why are politicians such big liers?
I cannot diagonise what my problem is?
How do I get my credit score for free completely free?
How long can you keep yourself awake?
Why would anyone root for anyone but the Seahawks???
post high school plans?
How do I remove the write protection from my SD card?
How did the Cold War affected Latin America?
How can I find sponsors, who can finance my education ?
outline of mercy killing?
how much of america is covered by concrete?
how is sap industry in india and usa?
foods to avoid if you have sinusitis?
how does the story 1984 define thought crime??
need map mexico satelite?
is there difference between those?
Where can I find a good And Free online courses.?
tv tuner and direct tv?
what about chapata mirchi?
how do i make a rap music online with a microphone?
how do i get someone to like me?
Al Gore and his daughter?
How do i work out the average from the following data?
How do you get weight off?
Who wrote Lyric of "MY WAY"?
i need to know if i am to tall?
is pencil lead poisonous if ya swallow it?
what sport am i good at?
i wont to download winondvd?
are christians mental or what?
what is 1/2-3<-1/2?
What exercises will work 4 me?
who do yall think is the best fighter in the world?
Is it really necessary to buy a name brand stapler?
Is ther any software to repair hard disk?
Is it unhealthy to crack your neck and back?
name ur favorite anime show?
Is Cooper Union open on Feb. 22?
detail me about teaching careers in uk?
Lewis Dot Structure for compounds?
What kind of doctor do I see for neck/back pain?
My wife in bed with another woman?
What is counting priciple?
do anyonw this?
how to write my curriculum vitae?
What removes acne scare FAST?
how can i speak english with out mistak?
A questions for A Java certified Developer...?
How will current flow in super conducting wire in this circuit ?
Why is it...?
what are the steps of the sliding filament theory?
How long does love take?
Any one go to Lanier middle School?
muslime pry tim in chicago?
what goes in real stiff and comes out very soft and wet?
Who's the best WR of all time?
Science help ..PLease help meeee?
http/www.camhunter.com?
How Do Portuguese Man Of War Breathe?
Does anyone else have a "penny jar?"?
whose kilroy?
eye for an eye?
Birthdays in fall/winter?
Tips for Handling this situation?
What is the most asked question out here for soccer?
movies with tin in title?
Paintball or airsoft?
anybody know a website for science current events?
What is my aunt Wilma Gisala email address?
How can I purchase nordstroms customer service training video?
why is the natural rate of unemployment always positive?
Best Qb in history?
what is the cause of the human flu disease?
is "time travel" possible?
Questions & answers deleted for community rules violations in this category?
What team do you want to win the World Cup?
What happened to Bobby Fischer? What ist he doing today?
Who was your favorite teacher of all times?
what is our family relisationship.?
help I need my voters card replaced today?
Is Islam / Muslims   the root of terrorism?
alarm information?
Tinea Versicolor?
why is an ip address needed?
What is after death?Is rebirth possible?
burnt out?
What is easier, Finite Maths or Elementary Statistics?
Why do Atheists even bother?
Changing your yahoo display name?
Is this weird?
How are Japanese and Chinese sooo intelligent?
how can i use my inbuilt wireless card?
to lose or not to lose?
Do you believe in peace through superior firepower? Why?
what's ur favorite TV series..?!?
Is it unpatriotic to smear war heroes?
is jessica alba god?
The End Times: Great Revival or Great Apostasy?
Whats your favorite TV show?
Is there anything wrong with having a whore as your body guard?
Help me please!?
I need ideas!?
Primer on American sports?
What do you think of the new movie Lady in the water?
Ghosts, from the spirit or left over physical energy?
how do i get someone that i like to like me?
How many counties are there in america?
who get more pleasure in sexual relations man or woman ?why?
Does anyone remember the Dan Reed Network?
How to deal with boyfriend with 3 kids from previous marriage?
how to set up a training schedule for teachers?
What doese perceverance and integrity mean?
Why computer & type writer words are randomly arranged?
Should men be barred from holding public office for 100 years worldwide?
how long does puberty last?
What does the second part of this quote mean?
how tall is mount rushmore?
Why muslims  celebrate Eid Adha?
How Many wives does this guy need lol?!!?
what is my web address?
wine & cheese or beer & a burger?
What is an african antelope?
Guys only please...?
Do Bee's dream of flowers?
Tax Question?
when can UNO's permanent mebers use Veto?
Guyz are always starin.. is that good?
usa education?
Why do people put stupid answers to questions?
Does this sentence mean anything to conservatives or republicans?
i dont know what 2 do?
Need help finding an attorney?
What would happen if........?
Can you decode the message in these sentences?
what is the largest sports stadium in the United States?
do you feel mad when someone gave you a rude answer?
How fast is the Earth moving in outer space?
What is a second interview with Schlumberger like??
What dose sweatheart mean ?
horizontal vs vertical!?
support group for npd?
How do you stop the urge to want to love someone?
Does all of Minor League Baseball use the DH?
I cant install a program on my pc?
liability of fetus harm?
how many nations grow cotton plants?
Thornton park in orlando?
How many people  can fit at a 60" table?
Web site of Association of indian steel producer or industries ?
List 5 names and events in history that have numbers in them?
Do people know how it feels to have diabetes?
How does Storehouse filing bankruptcy effect money I owe them.?
i really need help?
WWE, Which Move?
How do I contact Steven Seagal?
Do you think that its wrong to be bissexual?
how can i stop sweating?
why is black history so importanted?
where is the jungle found in?
how do invest in chevron?
What are triglyceride oils?
How do you say  "I miss you " in your language ?
why do men always think there right?
NEED HELp!!!?
Has anyone had their moles / beauty spots removed?
What medication is best for chronic lower back pain?
Blockbuster Question?
what is the name of the lion´s hair around the face?
Why do basketball players stay home during the off-season?
Please help urgent!?
what to look for when buying a printer/scanner?
Abt Crystal Report Certified Professional Exam?
Who is your dream guy/girl?
What day will the 2006 NHL playoffs begin?
has addidas had every world cup match ball since 1974?
Fed. property tax sales in Athol MA?
Microsoft power toys...advise please?
Aimez vous Cassano et pourquoi?
anyone heard of..?
multiple price spreads on options?
How many computers in your house?
Who in here has there GED?
how can i make a birdie in golf?
do gals watch porno?
For Myspace?
wimax technology?
Should I buy a trampoline?
What is the cave?
the commercials about warming lube..?
i need a pictures on miles davis?
Dan Henderson vs Rich Franklin?
George Bush is awesome! Don't you think?
what is quantum mechanics all about?
What should be the minium size of penis?
why do people do things without thinking?
How do I get my mom to quit smoking?
What do you think of my approach?
how can i make my own   web page?
how many teeth does a great white have?
what stores carry children's gym sets (swing sets)?
***Hardest shot to play***?
What is a good webpage where I can download anime?
Giants strategy against Dallas Sunday, will it generate a win?
september ??
where are rebecca st james from?
Question..?
mother-daughter articles?
Am I being too sensitive??
What are Irish families all about?
what percent of 45 is 30?
who do i get  a inset  massage with Verizon?
what is going on?
What movie should i download tonight?
Any girl  wana go out on a date?
What is the real name of Foot Ball Game???
how many times a week u bathe?
PHP code resource?
Follow up question?
What's the national language of India?
Pulled Muscle in Leg???
How can someone increase their appetite?
Who loves Wesus?
englnad, world cup?
How many times syracuse won big east tournament?
How to make unsaturated solutions saturated?
What's the difference between North American girls and European ones?
What is the best ride at Disneyland?
Is jealousy necessary in a relationship?
Will I Give Him Up?
at what age does the canavan disease get discovered?
kalingans Mt. provinces?
What does the term "goat" mean when talking about cars?
Anyone help with Windows Media Player 10?
have you ever lied about your identity on the net?
Can I make a plant grow in a Pressure Cooker?
Should there be prayer in public schools?
what is the square root of a negative number?
What's a creative and interesting title for this?
Where can I get a Monna Bell CD?
show me the sites to break the filteres?
Harry Potter series considered witchcraft?
Is your school district Intelligent Design ready?
can any one tell me something about disaster mangement ?
what are some examples of culture clashes in america?
Is Gatorade a good diet drink?
Can I expect the pupils to react when a person is blind?
What happens when you die?
This is not really a question?
cant find film never say goodbye 1956 rock hudson?
how is it to take vet medicine as a career?
windows media player, before buffer custom image?
Can anyone help me in optimizing a sql statement?
Are you a patriot sohn?
who would you most like to go skinnydipping with?
Why are there no sanctions against Israel?
Does anyone else remember the game show Video Village?
Is Ashanti Doulas Gay?
who sings "The Greatest" from the movie "Ali"?
Is a pendulum-like motion a wheel and axle?
What is the weather like right now where you are?
Should I trade Larry Fitz for T.O.?
What is the difference between Greek and Roman inscriptions in stone?
Scout camp & (Summer) Olympics: similarities?
question about tonsilitis and strep?
Cancel the "Free" Security?
does anyone know any funny jokes?
What is really the definition of the LOVE?
Did the boycott have any effect?
how do you derive the normal distribution concept?
where can i get free music for my ipod?
How can I defence the DDos attack?
A Debugger?
How to proceed with the Korean guy?
give me the common facotors of 12, 36?
How can I make my own electronic caller?
Guys only!! do you think paris is sexy?
i have an underactive tyroid cant lose weight?
What are the odds in relation to thyroid cancer?
Anyone live around Fort Smith Arkansas on here?
Cancer risk with dental implants?
Reducing sugars:?
who do i need to see?
what are the 5 smaller countries in the world?
anyone want 20pts for this question that knows french?
How to keep a long lasting relationship?
Lighter and shorter periods?
Is N E 1 watching the Nascar race 2day?
Has the NP-Complete Problem been solved?
How do I incraese my vertical in jumping?
Your match prediction for England -v- Portugal?
nike financial analysis?
What am I supposed to say?
How do I transfer 78s & LP's to disc?
has anyone come across any verified research on nano -technology?
Does anyone know how do I get "discovered"?
What is the average dick size at 15 years old ?
should you ever date someone off the computer?
How can you get around this problem in Powerpoint?
about the davinci code?
What are the Sources of energy?
Can anyone help me with my myspace page ????
Why O Why does this happen?
What do you think are the three most important characteristics of leadership?
whats up about Iran crisis?
Where do you really like to be kissed?
openoffice and SQL?
how can i get my self confidance back?
what is the best way to convience any person?
how should I help my three school going kids improve in grades?
who actually believes the horoscopes are true??
restore deleted temporarty internet files?
Anyone know any good text-to-speech software for Windows?
Whose mouth would you like to shut?
do title compnanies check buyers marital status and how?
Why can't we see the wind i wonder?
What is a nonsalary compensation?
what is the site to go to to make weemees?
Is there a site where I can download videos for free?
So smart at math?  Then answer me this...?
Who is the captain of the Greece soccer team??
List of SAP centres in Pune?
What is Manuela van der Brink bodyweight?
Accounting--Cost of Good sold in Service industry?
how to read logarithmic tables?
E-card help?
what if an employment offer letter expires?
Guys only!!! How likes cheerleaders???
what so you think about the immigration problem?
Change in personality.. is this normal?
Who is the present  mayor of Itugon Benguet?
when having sex are you a screamer?
how is evolution of karst submarine springs?
whats ur biggest fear?
i cant get sign on to messenger help!?
who likes the Mexico national team?
where can i go for small intermate cheapish wedding?
Is Bittorrent a good P2P to use?
Is getting supena by a lawer the law?
what is a cryogenic engine?
What does premiscuous mean?
what do you mean by the word palpitate?
why dont humans have tails?
What place did you get in your last cross country race?
What are the social problems which comes up after Disaster.?
what the worst (legal) thing you have every done?
do toe nails grow at the same rate as finger nails?
How should a man eat a steak in the presence of women?
how is 3000 minus 710 calculated in school as a sum?
Anyone know Alizee?
good answers only!?
does anyone remember Pob?
What 1 thing would you most like to teach the opposite gender?
Why don't the Pittsburgh Steelers have Cheerleaders?
what natural foods can you eat to increase your erection?
Adult Ladies only please?
What can  do to fix my Lap Top?
what is the risk?????
why cant people respect others religion?
what is the coefficient of friction of whiteboard?
Who is your favorite author/authors?
What is the best cure for nailbiting?
how many years are in a generation?
Can anyone who read my post asking gays & lesbians?
what is feng shui, really ?
I work with behavior disorders high school kids.?
How  to  treat your   e x- gf/bf?
Could you please tell me if this would be appropiate?
why are doctors paid more than teachers?
is it cheating if?
Hey Leaf fans?  Is training camp over?
mylaptop accidently got the windows deleted off of it?
Why people turn Vegetarian?
Hmm, what if Islam is fake?
How do you measure the results of marketing business activity?
What are the pros of the world Bank?
I need some serious tax help!?
What do you think of president Bush?
What is the scariest story you have ever heard?
Why the muslims suffering so hard in these time?
what is the legal limit of alcohol in ones system in California?
Which capital city means "elephants trunk"?
why USA will fall like empire of Rome,?
Has anyone used anything successfully in the treatment of eczema?
What is the uglyest animal alive?
very large spider?
after man which is the most intelligent creature on earth?
a Week 12 WR pickup question...?
Christians--->speaking in tongues?
Who knows what time does the world cup begin at local time ?
what type of insulin is in use in emergency?
can you send me the web site for Bradford Academy?
Who do you love better, your pet OR your spouse?
Can someone please tell me what is wrong???
why won't MySpace work?
health care free in Canada?
Do you believe in being yourself?
How Do I Make My Lap Top Sound Louder?
What sign are you?
So what exactly is the difference between these Christian denominations?
The NFL or Los Angeles who needs the other more?
How long does it take to heal / grow back?
what is a conflicts analyst or conflicts assitant?
how do you feel about the term 'seasoned women'?
From where i can get adobe image styler?
Whats up with akito in fruits basket?
why do people consider the penticle an evil symbol?
which states are payday loans illegal?
Work at home surveys for real or not?
programming languages for dynamic web design?
How do you unblock, blocked ears?
what does this mean in English?
Why do women like to gossip?
how can you keep a relationship strong?
Specifically, what is General of the Armies?
how much do drug tests cost?
What are some good ideas on making a power point presentation?
would this be good?
Where did my questions go?
Who to start?
I need advice on a back injury? Can anyone help me?
Can anyone name the band???
Who likes TITANIC(1997)?
Who Should I Go Out With ? What's His Name ?
~*~Converting To Buddhism~*~?
Are we really Sexist???
How can I get a specific list of customers?
How to pause page (listing) in  Linux / Unix?
am I going to hell?
Has anyone dealt with multiple myeloma?
how can i sell a condominium worth 2 million?
Do you think i should get plastic surgery?
Who do you Idol most in your life?
who is the superstar of this year?
did judas betray jesus because?
what u guys think bout area 51?
how do i get over him?
friction loss coefficients for pipe valves?
what questions do they ask you at the citizenship test?
Montrel Screw Job?
fourtune high tech marketing .. scam or real ?
what is the habitat of a racoon.?
Girls what does this mean?
how do u pronouse hinder??
What preparations should the students take before their examination?
How do I create a strong marriage?
Has anyone tried InnovativeEntrepreneurs?
So what do women think of..?
pictures of guys?
how do I poop?
Do you think Judges are always right AND why?
does the financial accounting standards board issues income tax rules?
birth control pills?
should i have a kid?
Is there nobody out there who likes George bush?
Why are churches tax-exempt?
Why do liberal women?
Are you heavily medicated for other peoples protection??
Why is mother teresa so important?
Which is longer, a line or a ray?
What is a credit default?
baseball or basketball?
Who is responsible for the incident of 9/11?
when is the middle of winter?
how do you put a bear in the fridge?
What is the cluture of Asia<continent>?
Moss and Owens?
How many  people hate the Dolphins?I sure do?
Is body-building possible for a 50 years old man?
How much is the U.S. Government in debt?
Anyone been cured of Achalasia?
What do you do to keep warm?
Do screws change the direction of applied force?
Anyone out there know anything about the Saxo Bank?
who is our first prsedent?
Noodles!!!!!!!?
what are defferences between male and female?
problem with my ankle?
What are the positives of George Bush's presidency?
what do you think?
10 steps no crap need help?
other term for first baby?
Who was Zoran Djindjic?
were can i find information on government aid programs for women?
Will the patient be the same?
jason ogden 1991 loveland tigers baseball?
is ireland in the world cup?
I would like your opinion on this question. . .?
what is your best advice for(aging well)?
how to earn extra pocket money?
Will FC Barcelona make it to Paris on May 19??
who has used playtex sport tampons?
do you wish Peace Or Health for all the world?
what is my name?
Why was Sally Ride important and how did she change CA?
On limewire a license agreement?
Has anyone gotten off of pain pills and if so how?
do you like this french singer?
Where do they sell half size note-cards?
who is tabumbeki?
Bagpipe Players: Name this tune?
why rx is writen on medical priscription?
How do u think we were created?
What is SARS?
what do you know about the sedimentation in estury?
Is there a difference between "unlawful" and "illegal"?
why do they charge tax on video rentals?
Where can I buy The Pact starring Megan Mullally?
how can I get a travel agency license in NY ?
what herbs can I take to delay menstral cycle?
questions about a dvd burner?
Riddles Riddles Riddles?
Is there a time limit?
Friends or boyfriend???
Highschool?
This is Why immigration reform is needed.?
Music-  Women only.?
anyone know what Lili'uokalani means?
A synonym for phenomenon...?
Is there anything better than craisglist?
Would this be weird?
windows or Linux? read my story....?
why does fruits grow fungus quickly?
What has four eyes, but can not see??
What is chapter 13 bankrupsy??
2 words containing double U?
Why do you yawn?
how do stars move in the sky?????
Why do Jews no believe that Jesus is the son of God?
Does anyone else like watching guys kiss other guys?
Where would i find public Records?
is mathematetiks the univeral translator?
free sms websites?
How can I...?
how do I buy writable CD & DVDs?
why do you feel sleepy after ejaculation?
whos hiring 14 year olds?
How can I detect if a curse was placed on me?
Where is the coordinate  BL11 in the world?
first team in NCAA history to play forty games in a season?
Do you fear the illegal immigrants?
why might my eyes be watering so much?
What have most Americans done about the genocide in Darfur?
how do you know if a girl likes you?
Tradtionally What do the grooms family pay for ?
uses of physics to mankind?
in bed what does a guy look for?
what is the smallest country in the world???
english women??
How is ice skating?
Were Titanic survivors compensated by the government?
How do you pronounce Marcello Mastroianni?
I missed Gilmore Girls, where can I watch it?
Has any one ever heard of this tv show?
Well I've been having suicidal thoughts ..?
cowboy sex?? ?????
Science help ASAP?
What is the best drum cymbal brand? And why?
Who started the Staten Island Ferry service in New york?
is there any 6 wheeled formula 1 cars?
Looking for Marine Corp EGA Statue?
guys only!!?
who should i  start at rb  this week?
why do people kill?
Why do i love bamming yanks up so much?
what will you consider the perfect measurement of the woman body?
Are single pimple-like bumps on the penis normal?
How are the margins adjusted on the browser regarding email.?
did canada have a draft during world war 2?
'Computer Language'??
how much should I tip furniture (like a bed) delivery?
1 For English?
Which Team will win the 2006 Soccer World Cup?
How do denists tighten your braces?
Whats the real benefit of Spring over EJB?
coughing at night sore throat wheezing and mucus?
my friend Jodie Salton?
What is the legal drinking age in Johansburg?
how do you get out of a speeding ticket?
i have a very dry face(skin)?
who do u think will get relagated from the premiership?
do u believe in myths?
Does this guy get on your nerves too?
what does alinea mean?
What can i do?
Would you ever consider eloping?
how can i know man that truely love me?
why do people give incredibly long answers to very simple questions?
what does the name 'Normal School' mean?
can the redskins be on a comeback????
i am on the varsity basketball team and only a freshmen?
Confess Or Not?
For those who have skydived.....?
where can I find historical asset class returns?
Can you sneeze in your sleep?
any one know  algebra  free help side?
Anyone has encountered extraterrestrial being before?
Do all Hebrew/Jewish guys have long tongues?
I really do need something explained to me.?
What is Atalanta the goddess of?
Should the call be made??
Any ideas?
how can you see night?
What do you think or know about Turkey and Turkish people??
Mind over matter? True or False?
do anyone know an individual insurance that cover adult braces?
Best Recent Song?
Who is England's best player ever?
How do I know the status of my name checking?
The Bible a perfect creation?...?
just kidding on weight?
Ladies only please - Do you think I'm cute?
What color post it's are your favorite?
Is Bush the decider, your decider?
What Is Oscar Slothers?
what is communism?
how do i know if he likes me.?
what is the answer to 9%of40?
Any tried and tested home based business for free out there.?
Italian student. Are these sentences grammatically correct?
where is Pennsylvania street in Oklahoma City?
How can I get my phone out service to go online?
Substances?
Why is my mom suddenly not my friend anymore?
What should I wear to soccer practice?
how do i make myself throughup besides the finger?
Reasons why software would become obsolete faster?
looking for lizardskin deck shoes?
What are some good magazines that are suitable for both genders?
what are the death rituals in Pakistan?
why are american forces still staying in iraq?
what is lined canal and unlined canal?
We have our own opinions..?
why is it that most people judge others by how they look?
Is Korea gonna win?
do u guys no any funny jokes/riddles?
Can you guess how many kilometers or miles?
God commands Christians to kill for him???
What Do you think?
Do I tip tile installation guys?
What is this ocean creature? [Link to an image]?
What is  Judah Gospel theology?
What happened on Supernatural last Thurs. night?
Do you like the feeling of being nervous?
who is the worlds,s hottest actress?
what do i do with a criminology degree?
What is the highest mountain called?
What are the requirements to join a chamber of commerce?
Maneet Singh Arora?
Is it possible for me to order online without using credit cards?
i need disk system for windows 95?
What are some ways to build your patience level?
Who is the most cocky actor?
Why does my internet keep disconnecting?
courses in holland over the christmas period?
4 tha boys.....?
what is some history on the scientists that discovered promethium?
what's the age and name of the oldest human fossil?
ok this is driving me crazy!!!?
Are there things...?
what do you think of the mtv cheyenne?
any working visa in denmark?
Pagan and Wiccan question about spells and rituals?
what kind of clothes make  you look gangta?
What is always on a table but never been eaten?
what "LOL" and "SOS" stand for?
what is WAB?
How do I check the surfing speed of my Mac computer ?
can someone please help me with clep exam.?
Any good books on Maya 7?
Are my questions weird???????
what do spoges eat?
What is this song?
epoxy powder?
did jesus actually exist?
6 letter word in 'spaghetti' starting with H?
clever phrases that begin with the letter A?
why is the net so addictive?
history of pink floyd?
Should Avery Johnson have gotten the Most Valuable Coach award?
Another name for a secret ballot is?
List the world's worst despots.?
has anyone read "my side of the mountain"?
Would you go on a SPITTING rampage?
Is ExFinancial a legitimate business?
Does sensory integration disorder fall under IDEA?
What does "Get a life" mean?
How did Switchfoot...?
where does jonas ball live?
geomerty troubles....?
why it is  harmful to visit bremuda islands?
how do you look hot sauce?
why does a hiker leans forward when backpack is heavy?
Chris Daughtry's new album?
Where is everyone......??
where can I find business process modelling templates?
how does one determine himself to be gay?
Where can I get shares of an IPO before it opens?
what's the deal with this?
what is the meaning of a financial market?
conlusion for basketball and football?
spanish help?
how to prevent cracked toe nails?
What year was the first x86 based PC offered?
which is your favorite country?
Cant get website to display?
When do you believe the rapture will take place?
WOMEN VIEWS ON ASIAN MEn?
why is H.R. 4437 injustice?
when did Nasa begin?
How much money should you give for middle school graduation?
7th heaven recap?
Pubic Hair?
What does "ludus equinus" mean?
Who is Nazar Chagataev?
how can i told a girl that i love her?
Irregular cycle?
which name sounds better?
Where can I find quizzes for students learning English?
How do I patch an Exercise ball?
what are te symptoms of clymedia?
Port Scanning?
Can electricity be generated for free, without burning fossil fuels?
what is the best way to get fat?
How do you say nevermind in spanish?
who does the remake of thank god im a country boy?
How do we came to know about virus?
how can you tell if a girl likes you?
what is papper ?
what is a capacitance number?
Psychiatric Illnesses?
Would you fire your Best friend?
What kind of job opportunities are available for a microbiologist?
what ot do if you believe your ribs are bruised?
are you depressed??
what are the condition required to become an Genetic Engineer?
What will happen with the Illegal aliens here in America?
Does anyone know??
Will illegal immigration to the US increase?
WHERE IS ATLANTIS ????
How do children learn best?)?
Should i meet a person i met on the internet?
Oh my oh Brazil !!! Why?
what is eastern europes religions?
Did Tom Selleck ever play professional basketball?
Am I addicted to ambien?
what does high phoshate levels in the blood mean?
Where in Wilkesboro NC is the skatepark?
Where can I go in the US to renew my Russian passport?
Which stocks are yielding 5% return?
To Muslims...?
What is YOUR favorite colour?
good charlotte: punks or posers?
Pictures/Graphics?
does he like me?
Any Benny Benassi fans out there???
Should science be considered a religion?
Is Yahoo Answers running slow tonight for any of you?
Is a saturated fatty acid considered an organic compound?
when is relief of high gas prices coming?
Can God make himself dead?
History: Reformation Period?
Is this the year of the Tigers??
do senior guys really hook up with freshman girls?
What horse are you picking for the Melbourne Cup ?
Does anybody here know gymnastics?
Prescription Sunglasses for hiking in snow?
art or math?
does the graduation song make anyone cry?
Does he see me as more than a friend?
how do i download an nba video game from the internet?
Do i have something else?
did china qualify to every single world cup?
what couldnt you live without for one month only??
Question about Jesus?
how to convert fahrenheit to celcom?
appearing for interview help needed?
why is everyone is infatuated with paris hilton?
why do people say "over-saturated"?
What is the best free antivirus software available?
Can u just go workout?
what you think about men and women?
Does anyone know if Wesley Clark will run for president in 2008?
why are yawns contaigous?
geogrphers question?
what is the sex picture?
Do children and African American's have rights?
does masturbation make your eyesight weaker or stronger?
Who was Russell G. Ranney?
What is the physics behind solar cells?
Can you take a good racial joke without being offended?
9x squared = 30x-25?
Should i ask or not?
how do u know when a guy loves you?
How many stars are on the U.S flag?
equations of state?
How many planets like earth are in the universe?
The difference...?
Who will win thw worldcup this time?
spiking behind teachers back?
How  do you search news discussion archives?
What are the components of flat scrap steel?
What is the universe and what is it made of?
The British Royal Family, inbred loonies or valuable asset?
when a girl loses her 'V-card"?
What are some things people do on Independence Day in Ecuador?
tell us...?
How much is too protein?
When are the best years of your life? Between what grades?
is Atlantis under the ice in the southpole?
how do you sell a house that is not selling?
single n dating?
Is it true God wanted to bomb all the crazy Iraqis?
Which is the most internationally recognised word in the most languages?
What is defenition of weather patterns?
Where is statistics used?
How do I change the settings on my computer.?
Is India really secular??
life cycle of a star?
Tagworld, Myspace, or Hi5??
Who startedThe National Skills Bank In 1963?
What do you think of Christians and tattoos?
How are they single and where are they?
Is it ok if i...?
I need Multiple choice help on Biology please .?
how can i make my laptop work faster?
Why do balls itch?
bottle rocket?
Where can I get freeware to rip DVDs into MP4?
How could Americans choose Bush for president 2 times??
KoRn........?
What do you find repulsive to the point of fear?
Did the chicken or the egg come first?
What are somethings tht may affect reading comprehension?
where is a good massage place in hollywood?
What do you usually do on Saturdays?
What is Blackbox testing?
What are the best ways to recruit mortgage loan officiers?
what is the meaning of non-performance loans?
What are the strategies towards Sustainable Domestic Water Supply?
How much is out-of-state fees for college?
what am i going to do with these points?
What computer should i buy?
Have you done any of the following today?
why do people think i am nothing but a good body?
How do I change my yahoo ID & password?
What part of the movie Braveheart were accurate?
how big is ones brain?
what nelly real name?
What is the best sport ever?
What does monotomous mean?
is it true that a fan actually makesthe room hotter.?
whats my ex playing at?
is this rong????
how can u get group b strep?
Will Peyton Manning win a super bowl?
Should I play softball if my foot hurts?
looking for something to calm my nerves?
Why are parents such enablers?
Does anyone know of Mr. Daniel Quigley ?
why won't my yahoo email come up?
who voted for bush? If you did explain.?
are u single?
If my mom has diabetes 2 am i at risk to?
What would be considered Active Directory leaves?
Why are non-Americans so jealous of Americans?
Chemistry Questions...?
what skills are needed to be a receptionis?
how many countries still imply child warfare?
What was public education like in the 1940's?
how many ohio national guardsmen are in iraq?
Why did Nsync break up?
What is the freakiest zodiac sign?
What next?
do you believe in things not of this world?
For French only OR anyone that can translate?
Child birth and HIV?
what is a transistor fabrication?
just eatting apples?
strategies being used by high school mathematics teacher?
how would i open a outreach agengy for children?
Would you like to share your highschool story?
Why are Singaporeans so skeptical of networking marketing?
what is yhoo stock price in the next 3 month?
bad day at work?
ultrasound clinic?
Do you know of any urban legends of any kind, anywhere?
Should i consider becoming mortgage broker?
how has Pope Benedict XIV impacted our society?
What is bandwith??
How do I make "scratch" holography?
Immigration bill(amnesty)?
the pope said islam has  produced bad things right or wrong?
Who's your favorite NASCAR driver?
sfizermedicimtoquitsmoking?
what is your opinion about ESLAM?
Does laser hair removal work with having PCOS?
how can i get rid of my sweety palm?
Love in NC?
should i trust his honesty or his he using me?
Where does prejudiced reporting come from?
Does anyone know the html code to disable right-clicking?
if a laptop gets too hot will it shut off?
who was your favorite on flava of love?
how does sensors work?
What are little known facts about Charles Darwin or his theories?
Football Questionnaire Part II?
How will I strong my sex ability?
may some one tell me  light speed is?
What should I do with my abnormal child?
what happened on americas next top model tonight?
Mens fragrance?
do you believe in cencorship?
what is the average individual donation for relay for life?
Calculus: finding derivatives of square roots.?
how does kinetic energy affect a river?
Who is the best dirty south rapper?
What is the most interesting piece of trivia you know?
How old is a good age to have sex?
what states are in a rain shadow?
whats a fun way to spend 30th birthday?
is hell real?
How do I enjoy my job better?
is roberto luongo of mexican decent?
Is Constructive learning necessary?
I am morbidly obese?
is it possible to tear a phonebook in half?
What are the most commonly misspelled words in the English language?
how can I save MS Word docs as PDF files?
Where can i get some weather alert sonds?
I need Aid in US, How to get it?
what is the benefits of anger?
Dual national thinking of moving home...?
Which country produced the computer system Gateway?
Why don't YOU vote?
what is the meaning of pie?
the riddle to my bday?
what constitutional powers were the legislative branch using?
How come you are able to remember some dreams but not others?
Is there intelligent life out there beyond our own solar system ?
Who thinks I could take Jesus down?
What is cancer?
what causes aging?
Which nine key character traits made up The Fruit Of The Spirit ?
where can I find some german biergarten music samples?
Megadeth or Metallica?
why doesnt my credit card work with my computer?
how to make inkjet sublimation ink?
search bar?
who likes old school rock bands???
do you think?
What is the average rate of return on a 401K?
Why does Microsoft Outlook not send my forward or reply messages?
Has anyone used Adios? Did it work for you?
will ur boyfriend know that u r a virgin?
Why are hockey goals made of iron?
copy of grade 3 eqao test?
Should I drop this course or not?
how good will the cowboys be this year?
the reason why cultures or religions do fasting?
Switchfoot vs. Relient K???
Whats the definition to translation symmetry?
War...or Peace?
Why God used to do miracles in the past but not today?
which one would you choose?love or money?
How do you sell cell phones to truckers?
Anyone have predictions for the NCAA football top 25?
which way did colombus sail east or west?
what dose it fell like having sex for the first time?
Where is Happy Bunny stuff sold at?
how times love will reproduce?
why girls r interested in older guys?
arithmetic sequence?
why do guys say no, but then give a stupid reason?
Who this Norman Kay guy everyone keeps talking about?
can you block out popups?
what do you need a cell phone for?
Canadian Immigration?
What does the following message mean?
Steps to a successful marriage?
do leo and virgo have strong sexual chemistry?
what is a state divided into?
Equation help please?
I need advice for starting an online business!?
What classic movie role would you have been good in?
what does "ye olde" mean?
where can i get a myspace greeting widow code?
DO you agree with the peanut butter ban in schools?
has to do with windows media player and there dumb idea?
What are you scared of?
The Cult That Rules The World...?
English and German schools ...?
What do you mean by 'Blues' as a music genre?
how to reach sabina park oval,jamaica?
does any girl want to send here photo to me?
want affordable home in NC low cost of living good employment opportunities?
is scoliosis a serious problem?
to know a girl likes you?
trying to hook up 4 disk drives?
Where is a great place 2 find MySpace layouts?
what should normal ice box and freezer temp be?
where was high fructose corn syrup made?
how did the media cover the space race?
help please?
find the pc game called marbles?
Money and Morals Can you have both?
does anyone know what the name Kilikina means in Hawaiian?
How much do you need to work out for tackle football?
How do I...?
so do you think law is justifying?
Orientation Attire?
Who would you say is the greatest stockcar driver ever?
Read this!!!?
The N word and it's ban...?
How much do lawyers cost in New York?
What is your favorite NFL team?
i really like this boy...?
Any 11 year olds out there?
Sporty Spice 4 ever?
where can i find the Spark purity test?
Who is the best football player in Europe to date?
Why are calcium atoms not present in bones?
who won the nets and heat game?
who were the members of the one o'clock gang?
Why should US Presidents declare war?
What is the disadventage of computer?
Grade 11 Physics Help?
metals????
Have you been helped by Zoloft?
being a rebel?
Why are men so mean?
Limewire question?
What should I get my roommates for Christmas?
Home page on browser can't be changed?
How do judges Make Law?
Does alot of eye contact mean he likes you??
Love or success???
what the word decrets refers to in french politics?
Any ideas?
Did Hilary Clinton have sex with Monica Lewinsky?
dallas cowboys all time americas team 2nd place?
How can you still give you undying support to Bush?
i need to know about advanced calculus?
new australian constitution againts terrorism?
what is the exact words for the ammendment 19?
Is there someone....?
I have been doin a whole lot of...?
How do I change colors in a myspace music?
WHo won the 1975 American League MVP award?
Whats the best thing to do on christmas day?
How do I go Wireless?
If you go into space, can Satan tempt you there ?
next president= democrat or republican?
whats standard deviation in maths?
Tom and Katie's wedding.....?
about education?
How long should a shoe be?
MaKiNg OuT ????
Has god ever killed anyone?
Need title and singer?
Advice Column...!!?
How can I record a cassette onto a DVD using a computer?
How many people have existed on earth since creation?
Modern planets were discovered last because?
I bet you don't the answer to the question.?
Who makes the best grunt calls for whitetail deer?
how the optical mouse works?
How many brothers fell victim to the street?
where can i download somthing better than Microsoft words?
my budy had sex with his best friends cousin?
when was the first socure match played?
What is Cleveland's Women's professional football team name?
Ladies only, Whats your favorite position?
What's more EVIL ?
Question About Windowblinds.?
why does the moon look white when its not?
wat was the score for this afternoon's match??
physics help?
hehehe this made me laugh?
does anyone have a solution to rat phobia?
any 21 yr old chicks from houston?
what is Blair Academey's website?
What city does Jack Nicholson go to to watch basketball?
what do i do?
What is Devner, Co best known for?
how to be a successfully 3rd grader?
Who is your favourite Indonesian or Malaysian singer ?
Why is Ronaldinho considered the best soccer player?
does water than longer than metal to heat and why?
who was the first person to classsify plants?
thanks for the advice?
I need this word unscrambled fast?
how do you convert an M4P to a MP3?
How many people are in the US armed forces.?
how can  you get aids/hiv?
I need math help!!?
can I take motrin with prozac?
Do any other women squirt when they orgasm?
Do you think once again the Ronaldo win the golden boot?
confused!????
help...(guy problems)?
Does Martha Stewart just need a hug?
Guinness or Budweiser?
what are peoples theories on what ghosts are?
how do i burn music to a blank cd.?
HCV Recurring after treatment?
Why arent there any pictures of Tom Cruises baby?
How many feet are in a mile?
What are undies...?
Where can I get a good Japanese-English dictionary?
New Born Babies?
How about them Dolphins huh...?
where can you download free music of bollywood ?
Who will win the NBA finals for next year??
what is a weather front?
If I wanted to try a cigarette which brand is good?
What does Se lavi mean?
Why is Jay Brown so down Yahoo Answers people?
Poll:  Are you watching Hockey Night In Canada right now?
the female rappers salt and Pepper were are they know?
what is the meaning of africa?
What is Yahoo? Can someone explain me all that Yahoo does?
Why would you do that?
Can a person truly be fearless?
how did hitler really die?
Who will win, Italy or Ucrain???
DLP.dll error?
How many NHL teams do not end in the letter S?
How do you make  backwards video?
Why is Islam the fastest growing religion in the World?
i need help on the mammals song?
why is outer space black?
Why should Christians judge...?
What does the word shoozle mean?
How like singer Hilary Duff and she's song?
Should Cristiano Ronaldo take anger management classes?
Would an extra 350,000 troops help the security in Iraq?
How do you feel about Bush and Iraq?
What should I do?!?!?!?
What are the 3 best songs of the Beatles?
Why are guys so immature?
I am confused about my marriage?
Small red veins appearing on and around nose?
No Iranian nuclear weapons drive?
My friend won't stop?
christians help me with my confusion?
Why most Christians are not good at history?
what is one way that regions are divided?
is there something wrong with big booty girls?
what is the most unique bumper sticker you have ever read?
What to do with girlfriends rotten children?
who hates grorge bushes stupid thought???
serious help only pls?
Just Curious?
this question deals with the law?
tennis stringing?
Which questions did you find the most stupid here?
how do i uninstall wmp?
how i display adds on my website to earn money by marketing?
Where can I learn some and 1 street moves?
Who is the best bawler in India team?
Can pinhole glasses be store bought? If yes, where?
what if C-A-T really spelled dog?
why do computer screens flash?
where can rheostat be found?
What changes as gravity changes?
Has Bush taken your freedom?
just started having sex?
The Bible refrences reincarnation?
How many of you are excited to see May 2nd come?
Is it ever okay to curse out one of your parents?
Did anyone ever find waldo?
What are emotional.behavior disorders?
We only have a certain amount of answers?
Piano Sheet Music???
What is the best credit card to have?
How is chemisty disadvantageous ?
who is the superintendent of public instruction in California?
do Oxy-Acetylene Torches hurt your eyes?
is the rainforest located in colombia?
who invented cigarettes?
why do scientist perform research on animals?
To muslim converts?
what is modified food starch?
Are we really willing to continue down this road?
ambidextrous?  What are the probability?
How do I reformat/format a hard drive?
is this grounds for firing?
Is life more blessed without belief in God?
Please solve the following (from three dimensional coordinate systems):?
Nero wiped out my Windows Media Player?
SIKHS - a bitter struggle?
about mother earth?
oxygen passes from the blood to the cell by the process of?
How can I be popular?
What comes after the galaxy? I mean...?
Find the Equation of the Median to side AC?
Will you buy a War Bond?
Arkansas Department of Labor?
Do you like Cricket ?
what recovery policies are employed on accounts receivable ?
Question about nipples...?
Conservatives...?
is he a pedophile?
Am I eligible to the Belgium nationality?
Do you agree that in this world nobody is right?
SAT score reports?
whats a good excuse for getting day off work?
Why would a defendant use a Brady motion?
who else thinks barry bonds should be removed from baseball?
Is anyone else out there struggling with addiction problems?
speed each way?
Can I watch live TV online?
Should Chertoff resign from the DHS?
This is a graph?
What should I put on my rail????
Does learning French help, in terms of getting a nice job?
how to operate the AVG anti-virus?
Where can i find inner peace?
who has seen boondock saints?
1/3 divided by 6?
What are the best ways to build good customer relations?
where do i get to download sahi bukhaari?
What is your favorite anime(Japanese cartoon).?
What is the meaning of POP in E.mailing?
Are there any geographical reasons for summer holidays?
If you could meet ne Rap Artis who would it be?
Can anyone help me????
what is the minimal length of the sumo mawashi?
What type of excercise equipment is best for looking weight?
what r angels?did anybody have experiance?
harmful bacteria in drinking water can be killed by??
Who can give me tips on hitting on a gal?
Communion?
who will be highest goal scorer in world cup this year?
have you ever been a peeping tom?
Microsoft FTP Server using XP?
How can I stop outlook express restarting automatically?
do we live in the past or future????
Who do you think can beat England,Brazil and Argentina?
Do mantras work for real or are they imagination?
what are twelve frequently asked questions about down syndrome?
The World's Hardest Riddle!!?
What theories explain the origin of the Phillipines?
Is their a difference between morals and ethics?
Are the Gorillaz high?
what is diference pseudo mycelium and mycelium?
Valid Sample Size?
How can I go to the world cup for free?
Why is the EPL more popular than the Copa America?
Anyone seen ghost in real life before?
Will Brazil win the World cup?
What state is best for an illegal student to suceed?
Why do people continually insist prices are going to sky rocket?
What are the Physical Features of Singapore?
How do you know when you found your soulmate?
Do you believe in God? yes or no ?
Meaning of the word 'ACADEMIES'?
China's interest in Latin America?
How can i be a better person with my famly?
Swinging Gate?
Calc question HELP please?
how do i get rid of man boobs?
Anyone know of a  Thai kick boxer named Montien?
How can I improve my running distance and speed?
who is crazy me or her?
Any suggestions to avoid crack heal ?
Why are symbols important toa city?
what does drinking water actually do for me?
What's up with Yahoo?
has anyone ever recovered form crack in their life?
wahat is mean the globalesation of sport?
do u like the band black eyed peas?
Topic Ideas???
What are symptoms of angina?
Do you feel sorry for Iraq People?
some common infectious diseases?
Who else is exicted to see Kapler come back??
How does dividend imputation work in Australia?
how do i cash a money order from the usa?
Which TV station will be playing the World Cup featuring Brazil?
Who invented the nail ?
What is your favorite activity in science class?
Name something that might annoy a gardener?
Misinterpreting a true text?
how much do girls enjoy sexual intercourse?
poland syndrome?
How could the Blast in Centralia have been prevented?
who should be our next president?
What are your beliefs about love and relationships?
wat is the right way to use pennise?
how can i win a green card to america?
Has anyone ever heard of the language Esperanto?
rock which can be found in nevis?
wat do you consider hot (as looks not personality)?
the x factor?
I'm looking for the name & artist of a song?
What is the truth about the Mothman?
What can I do to make it stop hurting?
can a fish smell under water?
Do you wanna be my friend?
Why do you choose...?
What are two commercial products of Yeast (biology)?
Help with the Japanese Language.?
Virginia Senate race scandals?
what happens if I deny request for a divorce?
wyhat shape is world?
what would happen if there were no governments anywhere in the world?
What is the fastest snake in the world?
Verifying DMI Pool Data ...?
unclaimed money by state?
Do girls really dig jerks?
2  Questions??
who was the top goal scorer   during world cup 1986?
How many units are a full time student/course load?
who is on myspace.com?
pimp in rodney?
How do u know u r in love?
Hindu Holidays?
Further Question re slow web pages?
Have you made money working for an internet typing service?
Is it possible for a test to be ?
do you believe in inter-faith marriages?
When and who decided that Dallas and Detriot play on Thanksgiving?
How Do I Change the Font for Myspace?
Have you ever had to get rabies shots?
how much do nurses aid earn.?
Does this introduction sound okay?
Help! I need to call a halt!?
Does the NC Lottery have a website yet?
Why does the Mormon faith seem constantly under attack?
who was the ancient warrior-priest king?
Does this lineup seem too unreal?
what are stromal cells?
Are people allowed to use their feet while playing volleyball?
Cher or Madonna?
i m very tense?how i can be relax?
Is it true neopets will put viruses on your computer?
do all guys...?
what is the difference between migration,emigration and immigration?
Anyone knows any indoor volleyball clubs in Perth?
There is a gene for every antibody true or false?
Why can we only SOMETIMES float on water?
what is the official site for us green card visa please?
How to get rid of annoying pop-ups?
Does anyone think the Nazi symbol should not be allowed here?
who has hit nthe most homeruns?
How to start my own animal shelter???
How do i make the gymnastics team?
mary j blidge?
aim help i need help?
do u like it from behind or on top?
help me  I  want to be a real christain?
Does Tonalin really work?
Could a person be fired for dating a co-worker?
Is Disney Channel On Demand availible for Dish Network?
Does Devin Harris of the Dallas Mavericks have a girlfriend?
How come this country doesn't have ciestas?
what's the name of that really large Jewish conspiracy theory?
(2x) to the third power reduced?
Right Lower Back Pain HELP!!?
Whats a hard on?
How many proposals were on your ballot this election?
i want some solar calculation programs.?
Did I go to far?
Should you deal with the original creditor or the collection agency?
What do you do to donate presents to the salvation army?
Why are you an X and not a Y?
What do people think of Canadians?
Know any websites I can burn music for free?
need direction for a guy problem please help?
how to judje a person fall in love?
The OT as an impossible goal?
what are the best gay sites?
change politics?
Feeling guilty and sad all the time?
can I still join in ?
Why does my mom irritate me so much?
iBook: no internet after sleep?
how hot air balloon function?
how do you tell how hott you are?
what is the accounting definition for "realize revenue?"?
Who would you have as the leader of your country?
Why do they install urinals so high?
does anyone know where i can get a moped cheap?
i am miserable all the time nothing helps what can i do?
how many gb can a laptop hold?
Is Medicaid free?
which are the best colleges in india for graduation?
What is your stand on abortion?
advantage and disadvantage of network gateway?
what is everyones faviorte tv show.?
Islam is a right religion?
Do you think it is safe to buy medication online?
I can't do this!!?
Alzheimer's Disease?
when and where are pei government tax sales held?
pc ram memory?
Should i kiss after going out for two weeks?
What would you have done in this situation?
What's up?
Does Only a woman know what a woman likes?
What color is the sky after it has a haill storm?
Has Microsoft launched the Professional version of MS-Office 2007?
What is your favorite bible story, and why?
what do straight girls think of gay girls?
What is a good VNC for mac program?
What does my name mean?
how do i eliminate from my address bar previously visited web sites?
Do Americans consider themselves ignorant??
anyone know of anything?
what is the greatest pick up line!?
how much human brain actualy works?
How would you destroy your enemies?
do you know anywhere that can probably help me?
me and my girlfriend....?
what are the types of computer cards ?
how does scientist discover the layers of the earth?
can brasil win this year's world cup?
what magnet is easily lose their magnatism?
Freewill...a gift or a curse?
what is all the Asia madness all about?
What would you do for 5 million dollars??
How can I fix my mouse without buying a new one?
How does it feel to be an adult orphan?
I need a good Hoax address. Where do I  go?
In what country was the original Willy Wonka movie filmed?
what are some signs that she wants sex?
flutterby was changed to butterfly. why & when?
Are you a hot sexy football player?
My grand daughter always uses the computer?
does tv lower School grades?
what is the dogs name in The Neverending Story?
How to wake up sleeping relatives?
WHY HBr IS UNSTABLE?
Is there still hope for Whitney Houston?
Why are my contacts irritating my eyes?
where is he now?
What are your priorities in life?
How to bypass firewalls through Proxy server?
Weird science question, coming up!?
Age question?
How many minutes does 1 semester hour equal?
is it st pratrics day today?
does scripture support musical instruments during christian worship services?
what makes the best and worst measurement?
define the term "bill discounting"?
which certification should i go for Microsoft or cisco?
What is your favorite book... and why?
Do I need another line for my Fax Machine?
How to get concentration in ppm?
need banners for email?
What is the grep utility used for(Unix)?
what is minimum wage?  when was it raised last?
i am not like all girls how do i change that?
Medical practitioners only or people that have had this please.?
will ultrams show up in a drug test?
I prefer to be nude, any objections?
Does Bode Miller suck?
Groups winners?
do you think tennis is the best sport??
What is the differents between Financial Aid and a Scholarship?
what is the meaning of life?
What will women and men do without sex?
Do you meditate? Is it religious or non religious?
Which is the best way for self meditation?
How much memory does an average computer use?
What sites should use to research Alabama?
Killboy POWERHEAD?
What is your favorite planet?
Virus problem?
is the american idol voting system totally fake?
Does anyone know where I can buy hockey jerseys in Toronto?
Is there any difference between a theocracy and fascism?
Which is right?
Can anyone describe political advertisement to me?
do you want frist goal in world cup 1976 ?
Do I have custody rights to my dog?
What all does the symbol @ stand for?
how long does it take to heal from a vasectomy?
what's the difference between an ocean and gulf?
When was the war of 1812?
Spanish Help!!!!?
why does it look like there is cream cheese in my underwear?
physics EGG DROP?
Tell me the best anti spyware which can be downloaded free?
Places to shoot in CT?
New word, what do you think?
Why soap produces bubbles?
Why are you pro-choice?
what's the largest size possible for a star?
i have a problem with my jaw and my neck?
Do flourescent light make you disoreinted?
why did ICP stop wrestling?
where can i pick up hot sluts?
SQL Statement cannot see pre declared variable?
Does anyone play volleyball on a high school team?
Why can't I open links in OutLook Express?
Good fences make good neighbours, right?
How's that?
How helful should the mother of the bride be?
Is it alright?
advantanges and disadvantages of genetically modified foods?
does anyone like or love nascar?
plz help neck pain?
where was The Meritocracy Myth published?
Which team Germany or England is stronger?
Who do you think is the best wrestler in the WWE?
San Francisco central post office?
Holy Crap!  I am so sick of this!?
who here cuts themselves?
A question that is always on hot debate...?
Wedding!!! Pls help me!?
Boise State for BCS title game?
how can i completely delete my yahoo account?
Math help,how to solve?
Do I know you guys?
How much do Zooligist make?
What are the civil rights statutes that prohibit discrimination?
What "Aperio" means ....?
what's great about chicago?
how do i fill out this form without URL?
come on is jay z a cutie or what?
Who is God accountable to?
How is crime interpreted according to Rational Choice Theory?
Job Interview?
Whats the smallest mp3 player?
will the internet be free fo ever?
please answer my question!!! thank you!!!?
What would be the best way to describe a kindred spirit?
Hey everyone out their?
How much do you know about respective religions?
Am I being unreasonable?
what is tvnow.org?
i need help.?
Did he cheat?
Seriously.....?
what is error nod3ddevice?
wat is the best smelling scent of axe?
Any one know MDG ?
20-year marriage ended - will I survive?
plz answer?
sejarah sukan tenis?
Religious narcissists?
Do they still have freak shows in any countries ?
What does "success" feel like?
translation of the word crisis into chinese?
What are low self-esteem's causitive factors?
where do i find a research article related to human sexuality?
WHOZ the BEST player in the World Cup>?
does anyone know New Brunswick's Capital City?
is time travel possible?
why am i not getting the confirmation email from the chatbox?
how do you manufacture compact disks?
What's up with these girls?
what causes water to come from the tail pipe of the car?
does anyone want to read a monkey joke?
how do you think history will judge george w bush?
Copyrights, General question ?
can you explain to me how to do this?
why is the sky blue?
arrange marriage or settle marriage, which one is better?
I need help with a friend?
What state are you from?
where is devil?
still having sound card problems?
does warm air weigh more than cold air?
Is Santa real?
Time difference between Australia and Germany?
is phillip morris still living.?
What is the fastest growing religion on earth now?
Is this a good trade? Carson Palmer for Steve Smith?
What is WWE Superstar The Hurricane's Real Name?
how can we improve our concentration level?
will the x-files ever return with season ten.?
e-mail scam?
Is there anyone enrolled in an online school?
How do you become more intellectual?
how many glaciers are in washington?
Prescriptions for trichotillomania?
what are some good moves?
How old is bowwow?
Do you know of someone who makes favors for a wedding?
WTF happened to AMERICA?
what were the 3 major events in 1911?
why fight?
Is there a cure medicine for AIDS ?
List of characters and their descriptions from the Da Vinci Code?
how does a telephone work scientifically?
does converting to fat32 save disc space?
Mary, mother of Jesus?
which way do i wipe? (seriously)?
What are your "coming out" stories?
how is maltose fermented into ethanol?
I really like this guy but he has a girlfriend.?
anyone know anything about hart's concept of law?
can i call the police about a ebay non delivery?
what is Venus's atmosphere made up of?
Have you found what are you looking for?
Do you equate legality with morality?
Is Holocost a ture story?
What planet is this out of the 9 planets?
why earth rotates counter clockwise?
do yo u know manuel sanchez?
How do I determine the graphics bus on my computer?
Trick Question?
where can i buy the party boy song from jackass?
how many times can you apply to the same college?
Taming of the Shrew?
How do you know if the downloads on the website are legal?
Where do you keep your plasitc Jesus?
Has anyone ever met God?
Can you please show me how to do this problem?
i want a without gear motor bike?
Hydroboration of propene?
How to comment a question I have posted in Yahoo?
Whenever i move my stomach starts to hurt...?
I CUT my arms!?
Who Do You think is hotter Joaquin Phoenix or Colin Farrell?
How many internationally based professional soccer players does Brazil has?
How does one say Brian in other languages?
what year were the cabinet positions made?
squeeze trigger price for cmed?
What's your favorite game? (Not sports!)?
help save me from two wifes.?
who got eliminated from the top model tonight?
Anyone want to trade Souls with me?
do u agree? the bible is sexist?
What is the population of Redlands University?
tune up utility license code?
where can i go to get a trainee mortgage advisor job?
What deos Kooft mean?
who is Jesus ?
what are the proper gifts for anniversaries?
peoples are the most intteligent thing on earth?
whats the meaning of life?
what yahoo stands for?
what is 5 ft 10 in. in centimetres?
name this tune?
what movie were the Hogan family making in their show?
How can i believe in a God i can't see?
Why do you girls tease us guys with tight fitted outfits?
what is meant by the Permeability of Space?
When was the last time you drank tap water?
How old can a humen get?
How do I know if my group is in the directory?
I can't get my AIM to work.?
What are some benefits of being a coach?
How high can rogue waves be? How fast do they travel?
honest serious girls only please?
what is ciproxacin?
Who won the UFC Gracie/ Hughes fight tonight?
Which laptop would be better?
How many mythological creatures can you name?
How do you connect electrical wires to a 9 volt battery?
why are you guys all flying homesexuals?
Marketing question?
What is you opinion on Iraq?
im 13 and now weigh 150 pounds is that to much?
i need to get a 6 pack before summer!?
What's the best site for online jokes and little games?
What to do?!?!?
who isQuinientos Mil Australes?
Would you vote for the BNP?
US rules of engagement?
How can we solve the present political crisis?
Would you ban your employees from this site?
Do men think? And if so what about?
Where can I find Mr. Right?
What ails the Indian Hockey Team?
What is your "mantra"?
what do you think the must see movie of this summer is?
Have you ever felt someone else's heart break?
What Should I do about this Senior?
Where can I find some good Rugby games/tourneys?
What was the first life on earth, before the cell?
yellowtagpaper for diplomatic courier service?
A crime short story without copyright restrictions?
Can anybody make out sites seen by me?
Can my soon to be ex boyfriend fire me?
Do you like the artwork of my car?
Is there any way to overcome a cat allergy?
who do you think is more sexist men or women?
Trace route locator?
Why do they have parking spots at bars and pubs?
Is growth flex effective and does it have side effects?
when will icse2006 results b out?
What should I do?
Where are mRNA made?
Has London become the capital of Europe?
What do people think of Window's Vista?
what is the study of seasons called?
Twelfth Night?
Why can't Catholics eat meat on Fridays during lent?
What are some video game careers?
How can i find a person with just their email addy?
how do i free up physical memory on my pc?
Free Music Downloads?
Who are the 'people from the sea'?
space DEVOID OF MATTER?
How can i overclock my processor?
English help plz?
Solubility (Questions)?
yay! who else loves pies!?
What happened to a man just taking care of his woman?
Computer problem please advise!!!!!?
Can you describe your own God in one word?
how do i keep my guy and make him love me more?
hi how are you ?
What do you think of Shakira?
sentences for convet?
what state is everyone?
Why does God love men more than women?
are there any ukrainians here?
How much would Tiger Woods caddy make.?
how would you do this?
Please help!?
What's Spiderman 3 suppose to be about.?
who is Jesus for you?
what is noruz in IRAN culture?
Is it superstition?
where did football (soccer) originated?
how do i determine what version of internet explorer i have?
How can I restore my favorites after they have been deleted?
Is this considered unacceptable?
how do i replace my childs lost shot records?
about my back pain?
could someone help me solve these word problems?
Air Force uniform??
old radio shows?
Who is the best all time baseball player?
what is underlying in option stocks?
i need some answers?
Do you think there really could be life on other planets?
Why do all NASCAR fans hate Jeff Gordon??
Would you ask?
why do criminals go back to the scene of the crime?
what is the purpose of life?
which 20 countries have relations with singapore?
How can I make my boyfriend ask me to marry him?
how old is air,water & fire?
What is the most popular quote from Pope John Paul II?
are real vampires alive today ?
Stress from thinking?
In what field are imaginary numbers applied to?
What's your all time favorite Disney movie?
Who thinks Costa Rica can beat Ecuador on Thursday?
What is the net worth of the Saudi Royal Family?
What Is Zipang?
Does PGA player have a pension ?
What is a blackberry? what are they used for?
What University in Scotland would be the best for studying business?
What a bunch of Big Sissies!!!!?
Can a Dildo de-virganize you?
Anyone have their estheticians's license?
points anyone????
where can i watch world cup 2006 on the Net?
IS Alex Rodriguez Ever Get 700 HR's?
How can I join Illuminati??
university of milwaukee winscon?
why does yahoo shut me down when i am  chatting?
Scenic Design software available for Mac osx?
lung cancer diagnosis.?
Who hates small talk?
If I asked you?
...would u rather?
Who did John Elway marry the second time?
I need to learn about the rock cycle?
what morcheeba means?
How to become a great craniofacial surgeon?
What is the name of the fastest computer in the world?
Can emails be used as court evidence (in the UK)?
what weight machine or exercises  i should use to tone my legs?
What's she thinking (if she is)?
were is the site for discover card online billpay?
Can Governments make us OBEY?
How can I run a mile in 7 minutes and 11 seconds?
how many positions of sex are there?
If America went to war with China who would win?
are  there any plans to send a man to the moon?
Madonna University in Michigan? Anyone?
Survey...please answer?
Define metacognition?
why are yellow tailed woolly monkeys endangered?
Was Tupac Jamacian?
what Olympics sports allow professionals to compete?
who belives in soul mates?
What's the name of this song ?
who hit the longest homerun in baseball histry?
Dental Implants?
spring-mass system?
Is this man gay?...?
is there a such thing as dragons?
what do you call 2 mexicans playing basketball?
what does HTH stand for?
Do you like the Detriot Tigers?
What show did Morgan Freeman start on in his acting career?
Do women use sex to control their men ?
anybody knows something about ntsc examination?
Should I still go to the dentist?
Has anyone seen my pathetically gay pony??
Is it normal for hair to grow at the anal area?
Is any1 going to see Sunny Lax?
what are the normal values of all medical laboratory exams?
Is the united states the modern day Israel?
Is it possible that evolution and creation are actually the same?
What an ignorant comment?
where was money made from?
Happy birthday to me!!!!?
What is the lifelong goal of a platypus?
What department of the US government does the fbi belong to?
who made the first dictionary?
i am looking  for court records in white county akansas?
What do his actions mean?!?
How to convert my files from fat to NTFS?
looking for a schedule for the little rock riverfest?
how much does heavy water weigh per gallon?
explain the differences between positive law and natural law for Cicero?
the clearest liberalizing influence on individuals comes from?
my issues have issues!!!!!?
my friend hates me because i like her?
Is there a religion out there that really freaks you out?
whos ths hottest women?
Who here has a relative that is from a different country?
is swallowing virgin coconut oil healthy?
how do i cure my slice?
Is Bush hiding Osama?
how many acres does a pond become a lake ?
latissmus dorsi pull down?
excuses for mens affairs?
what are 10 major engineering achievements in the 20th century?
what benefits can volkswagen expect from its promotional activities?
my marriage needs help?
What does serve with or without bond mean?
monroe college?
is it wrong to accept again my x bf?
why we must be aware about enlargement of heart?
What are the colors of the mormon's god?
Who would U pick for the 2008 presidency?
Who listens to WRCR AM 1300 Radio Rockland?
When will the workers get a piece of the pie?
What website should I go on?
I don't want bearshare now?
who is your girlfriend or boyfriend?why do you like?
i have threee weeeks!!?
Has anyone had investing success through Motley Fool?
Why is reliability an external attribute of the software?
Do the war supporters know they are Pukes?
Why is the sky blue?
How can I shrink my thighs?...?
What are the legal issues surrounding posting investment recommendations on a website?
who invented postits?
What really makes men happy?
Do teacher expectation higher this year?
what color is the sky?
looking for 1992 odessa texas phone book?
What is the medical term for normal relaxed breathing?
Does anybody ever completely move on from their past?
my friend is on drugs?
can't we all just get along?
Quick graduation question...?
wat is the real meaning of CONYO?
is anyone good at english?
How do you download a clip of AFV?
I am not able to connect to yahoo messenger?
Does Zwinky cost anything to install?
i want to know all details about biodiesel?
What two languages had the most impact on the English language?
how has literature evolved?
"Who's Line is it Anyway" Setup?
how many points can you raise your credit score in 6 months?
Jokes and funny stories?
Where is zero degrees latitude and zero degrees longitude?
Who made the Electric Chair?
How can I see Roland Garros?
Location of LDS Wards in Thousand Oaks Calif.?
tulbot fillet?
if i have 2725 kg how many pounds do i have?
Need Unique Marketing Ideas for my Business?
who was the first million pound goalkeeper in english football?
what articles do you have on racism?
How long does the average man live?
who climb very first on the mount everst very first?
which team high score in cricket?
solve 2 exp x 3x + 3x = 9?
what is the fastest easiest way to get a grant?
C*** tease!?
how can i make friends abrod?
how can we make a model of heights and distances?
What is Momentum?
Has anyone seen the movie Dejavu?
why does a frog leap a toad walks?
How is Freddy Adu doing?
do  porno stars enjoy sex?
OMG Who is happy?
Who's Better Mari ah Carey Or Madonna?
Overclocking?
what is HS11377(A)?
ok soo whats better a lion or a tiger?
What is an O-C diagram?
What are the differences between Shias &  Sunnis?
is there a pill to help my husband's drive?
Dating rules?
Where to I put my image folder in my jar file?
what ocean borders florida on three sides?
had a tubal ligation done 10 yrs ago?
Do you think that Lennox Lewis should come out of retirement?
How long have you gone without sleep?
what do u think about Iran?
any one play airsoft?
what is a short and rememberable name for a new company?
do you need a licence to regestre a car?
How was the Borat movie ?
Do you like to watch " Simple Life"?
What formation will Australia be using in the World Cup?
What do you think is the worst computer virus this month?
Does The Size Matter?
which   country has the best police service in the world.?
when do you think a person is smart?
why does a frog keep and a load walk?
How do I upload videos on Youtube?
What is the weirdest question you have been asked?
Info on Varicose veins?
danger of abortion?
what is the meaning of "niche"?
What about radical ecologists and religious fundamentalists?
How could I forget someone I dont want to forget?
What can I do about this problem?
Does he lyk me or not?
"Winter Dreams" by F Scott Fitzgerald?
should you go to clubs when you're in a relationship?
Can a computer have logic?
Conversation Starters?
What were the impacts of the Revolutionary War?
Was I created from nothing, or have I always existed?
Why is football (soccer) so important?
Year in which Pakistan joined UN?
What you like in Roger Federer?
if i ask a questiion can i get a answer?
Did you know?
what is whiskey lullby about?
why do leaves fall during autumn?
what are the difference kind of folk literature?
please solve me this puzzle..?
What are some of the separation techniques for mixtures?
When is Alias coming back on?
What do you mean by military strength?
which is the richest football team in the world?
Bitten by The Love Bug?
What is the Emil Karas Award?
What do you call a mexican with a green card?
What is they average period of the main sequence star phase?
Christians, I need some info!?
where is wireless swithch on my laptop?
Can you help me with my homework?
I need halp with a riddle.?
How may wives to you want?
are Americans easily manipulated by the media?
How do you get talent spotted??
what is the meaning of axes?
What's the best way to increase muscle strength?
what do i do?
Who are the top defenders in the World Cup, and why?
What happened to the old myspace classified lay out?
Take a quick fun survey! (about ur self)?
How do you know if a girlfriend will make a good mother?
What is the cause of type 2 Diabetes?
do you like be in a rap band?
how to clean up the virus in my computer?
Science Fair Project?
Online/real life relationship problem?
Smoking Issue?
citizenwatchcompany?
do you agree with death penalty?
Do I really love him?
How do you password protect an entire folder?
Does anyone know where "Cheer's was filmed?
Do u like john cena?
Do you think bush should be impeached, and why?
how can i modify an id?
how to get confidence in life to lead happy life?
help with the steps?
People voted out abortion ban. What do you think?
who thinks bush sucks say i?
where can I get cash on my american express card?
Who all are Piscean ?
what is purpose?
Why is kissing special?
whatis the definition of bromine test?
how big can a bull weigh?
Do you think Oil Companies run the world Governments ?
is there a scholarship for little people?
how can I get single love?
Potter fan any1?
what is the best way to flatten abs?
I'm always tired. What could cause it?
looking for this video?
should every country invest in space research? do you agree?
Who won the fight on Wife Swap?
how can hemp help the environment?
How do you create D3O from D2O?
How to play MSNBC videos on Mozilla FireFox?
is the first or second syllable stressed in the word forbid?
whats the best sun dream team you can pick?
=( help me?
What is Business Process Reengineering?
i get a not so right answer?
do you believe in hell ? if not,why ?
what to do with 4skin?
Sam, Mary, Delinda or Nessa?
does zygote reproduce sexually!?
What is the biggest drug maker in the US?
can you give me the steps of formatting computer?
How can I teach my son to cursive?
Has anyone heard this song?  Drugs or Jesus...?
wht do you prefer women with curves or slender women?
Hopkins vs Tarver?
My boyfriend started a diet, should I do it with him?
how are shackles sized?
Anyone else play toontown?
How can I connet with your internet service?
Would anyone consider Dancing as a sport?
Anyone know this question?!?!?
do we reelly have aids drug in this world.?
what does grieving heart means?
What is the best men´s  characteristic and what is the worst?
time away ...?
why did ron isley get 26yrs in jail?
How is this possible?
Send me some videos of how to do the pool palace!?
what is it?
Orientalism?
what is your dad called, and what is his job?
Which is your favarite scary movie?
what is the difference between termination pay and severence pay?
What is your favorite Japanese song from the Tokyo Drift movie?
Is a lower sex drive after marriage normal?
When should we get internet explorer7?
Dark circles under my eyes?
what is the best vga in the world?
The opportunity that you will do worse than the expected return?
Why is this happening to me?
Whats Cookies U know the one on ur computer?
myspace help?
who here is 13 years of age?
Slimming world or Weight watchers?
what is the largest lake in the world?
Will Carson Palmer Start The season ?
Can we model the queueing theory in MATLAB?
Recent Prices?
what annual event can take place on 22nd march?
Fish Ballet??
how do I lose weight without losing self confidence?
Oliver Khan?
can an ordinary tourmaline crystal polarise light?
Who did you vote for in the 1996 Presidental Election?
Why did Derek Acorah leave Most Haunted?
Can I leave the side panel of my computer case open?
What is with you all?
what are the 2 properties of air masses?
What are the risks to wearing school uniforms?
what is lolo?bal?
real estates agents in Egypt?
double a*nal penetration hurts?
A butterflys body is covered with what?
who will win american idol?
should people have sex before marriage?
how do I register for a fictitious business name in Michigan?
What are your favorite kinds of shoes to wear?
USB Smart card reader?
What is the best kind of dress for prom?
How do i help my girlfried vomit?
Kobe Bryant or Lebron James?
how do you do this dance?
What jobs can I can do by getting a degree in Sociology?
help!!!!!!?
Is ringo.com a safe site?
Factorising Help?
What is due deligence?
who got kicked off dancing with the stars last night?
I trust your opinion America, should I be impeached?
changing file extension?
how would i solve this? will someone help me?
How can I turn the XP logon screen on?
This question is for people that believe in black magic?
GRAMMAR HELp!!?
who is hard to find?
How can I get my one foot spin down in ice skating?
do girls like guys that are a little chunky?
how far will the yankees go this year?
how do I keep my baseball cap from smelling?
whats going on?
do fraternal twins have the same blood type?
reason of back pain?
how many weeks are there in a year?
How did China get involved in WWII?
whats the Circumference of Jupiter?
does mastrubation lead to impotency?
Theories about lost....?
What's wrong with this picture? Look close.?
What is the temperature on Neptune?
Where in PA did flight 93 go down in?
What is a Sonnet Poem?
how to do business in a corrupted environment or country?
Plain Dillon LA Dept. of Correction?
When did Virginia enter the union?
Do you listen, or do you wait to talk?
wht is the full form of  "LASER"?
How do i become an actor in AUSTRALIA?
from where i can download c++ project?
What is the process of repayment of loan?
what does account administratively disabled mean?
Islam Question?
Which advertising agency does Prasoon Pandey work at?
what does "top spin" in tennis mean?
Help...Emotional stuff and feeling ucky?
"This  is a question for people who knows about soccer"?
Does the heart ever rest?
how to looking for a guy on net?
Dear ladies ... Please help a miserable husband?
Do you have a big influence with the people around you?
Are there any Dental Hygienists from Michigan here?
Whats the limit of the universe?
al franken's email address?
hi please give me good suggestion?
how do i get fat??
when was planet venus discovered?
need help with the metric system.?
how do you feel about bush?
Breakdown of protein, fat into usable energy?
teachers with accents?
What is Starware and should I remove it?
How do i make more people aware of my website??
What is Houston Summers doing these days?
Electron Configurations?
how tall is steve nash??
should a fork touch your teeth?
who will win the football worldcup 2006?
What's better spells or potions???
how do you cut audio on windows movie maker?
What's wrong with some people on here?
Will Zelcap interact with my Metoprolol?
Problem painkillers?
has anyone seen the hills have eyes?
how can i download a video from you tube?
What  is Gazni wool and its origin?
what do you think happens after we die?
The Best OF Kane DVD sucks?
Do all infinite sets have the same number of elements?
If a=b and b=c, what equals pie?
what makes a good reflector of light?
does it cost money when you call 911?
things that you see and do on the oregon trail?
Logic Question 10 ?
When is the best time to refinance my auto loan?
Is it really considered rape if you want it?
where is the highest concentration of lakes anywhere in the world?
what is the most dominate finishing move?
when will we have this site in french?
triceps wont grow?
What is a good way to lose weight?
Are antivirus updates taxable?
I am a Christian. Is Masturbation a sin?
Best college in the south?
Do you hear my radio station? And do you like it?
Creationists IQ "below average" according to recent studies?
Who else cant stand Brooke Shields?
What are the parts of a neuron?
answer this question?
Balance the following chemical equation by inspection.?
Who was the last person to hit .400 in MLB?
what should i do ?
What is Walla Walla?
nice places to take my girlfriend?
What computer specification needed  play mmorpg?
Why Hindus hate Muslims?Or why Muslims hate Hindus?
What is the purpose of an appendix?
Fox network??? (American Idol)?
Can someone tell me about law school?
tell me about zen meditation?
whats the best wireless router?
Have you embraced your sexuality?
Do you believe that the World Food Programme is doing their job?
What is the Deepest part of the Earth's crust?
What's so great about 'democracy'?
what is the meaning of google?
Best NHL goalie?
Mail Order DVD program?
Am in Love with a Girl ,,, But?
How do you get rid of pannic attacks and anxiety?
kien tiene 15 años?
How do you receive training to become a pharmacist?
What ever hapen to Tonya Harding?
When is the world going to end?
this is my question?
A couple questions regard to Unix shell scripting?
is advil a painkiller?
how much do 3 way calls cost from sprint?
What does kissing in a dream mean?
Is  witch craft also practiced in the western world?
Are MACS better than regular laptops?
How to be a good public speaker?
anatomy...ugh?
im sexually active is that bad and im only 13?
how do you make a toy boat?
does a uti have anything to do with...?
Straight men - have you ever had a gay experience?
christy carlson romano photos?
Whats a good way to lose weight? ( stomach )?
How strong is a light house light in candles I think?
what is the best cure for dry cough?
do they make some toilet paper of out sandpaper?
i love food but it's killing me!?
what is an amino acid and how is related to proteins?
supernatural paranormal?
Who is the best looking person over 30?
Movie Trivia #1?
How do I get his attention?Without coming on too strong?
How long does it take a black woman to take a dump?
Do you have?
why doesn't an optical mouse work on a glass table?
Do you know about Cricket?
neck pain?????
Playing with which team kumble got his first 10 wickets?
Celebrity Survey for You?
has anyone used cortaflex in humans?
5 things that kill the joy in a marriage?
a definition for "turn around time "relating to customer service?
what is the best videochat website ?
If someone tells you THIS!?
heave great?
Are you enrolled to vote?
can a woman get pregnant if she has had her tubes tied?
what is the square root of 69?
How to get admission in England universities?
who thinks punk rules?
What is the difference between computer science and computer engineering?
who's gonna win the big dance this year.?
switch 2950 DHCP setup?
what country did  the un take  to make now country isreal?
Do anger management classes really work ?
Weight Loss Question?
Skeletons in your closet!!!?
Was Stacy Kiebler ever in playboy magazine?
Are search websites helpful?
yellowing of the skin..what is this?
Good Trade?
studying late at night, or early in the morning?
are borders to keep out people or other goverments?
A Mathmatician Letter to his lover?
how muck are my rare baseball cards?
How good is high speed satellite internet connects in rural areas?
wat is chalk made up of?
i need peoples thoughts on racism?
who do you think is going to win the world cup ??
how the transistors revolutionized the modern technology?
how can i get schoolrship?
Meteor shower?
What's on your puter screen?
is chappelle show coming back? if yes when?
what is MSN's Ad Centre?
why am i so high?
Will change of climate increase the population of Canada?
question about rainbows?
can i see what madden 07 is going to look like?
Tubular reabsoption:?
what is a "mb" file size?
Anyone here like Weezer?
Have you ever been swept off your feet?
What's the lie you're talking about?
What do you think God thinks about late term partial birth abortion?
Why do liberals listen to the conservative media?
Is the movie 10.5 Apocalypse available on DVD or VHS?
where can I get bescherelle for french verbs ?
How do you change you home page?
What's the worst thing that has ever happened to you?
What country have the most women soccer fans???
What are some of the things you can try for nausea?
what date did Kenneth Gibson become mayor of Newark,NJ?
Is bow wow cute , fine or sexy ?
Man /Woman/boyfrien... friendships?
How big is a new born blue whale?
do you lie?
why are my desktop background so blurry?
what is an orgasim?
how to improve my marriage which is in trouble?
can the can's win the BCS championship next year?
Fantasy experts- Tough choices for week 10?
what is presbyterian?
who are you?
What do you do if some guy is harrassing you?
Guys - help me settle a debate!?
Does anyone know how i can contact Richard Branson?
Guys only!!?
Is Marriage as bad as people say it is?
Who are Rajputs?
pontine infarct?
any suggestions on how to make a relationship better?
What is a partition?
Why are guys so into long hair?
King Lear and lack of compromise?
What is the Best Line from a Movie?
Computer Engineering or Mechanical Engineering?
when did monsoons aproach india this year?
Does anyone here successfully work at home via internet ?
Wher can i find norton 2003 free trial?
is the middle east apart of Africa or Asia?
what is DNase I?
who are the 4 american idols?
Who can jump better, baseball or basketball?
Is there a difference between fossilized and petrified wood?
Why is your faith more right than my faith?
Which joke is funnier? Please help!?
Where is the best place to propose in Las Vegas?
The cop....?
An Equine Store in London?
Does the RNC need overhauled?
What is the total population of the whole world?
How long is the alimentary canal of an adult human?
do u think?
how many languages do u speak and wat r they?
What is Kevin Rudd's birthday?
where can i dowload free music?
i need help?
who owns a pair of hater blockers???
what are these files?
who looks better beyonce or ciara?
whats the name of the opening song for greys anatomy?
do you like football or soccer better?
What is the world's deadliest animal ?
house party?
What is it about work or your boss that drives you insane?
what is the highest electronegativity found?
All of the Alt codes?
inserting live quotes?
what does FBR  stand for in the golf world?
Does anybody like the song smack that?
How do I get into an ivy league school?
why is body pump so good for you?
is this love?
How many plants can grow from 1 seed?
some one please help?
Rolling Hollow Sphere Physics Question?
can liquid nitrogen be used to fight fire?
Can you still get hiccups under water?
Why do mosquitoes bite me and no one else?
mealey manufacturer of manchester dart boards?
Does anyone know who my spirit guide is?
Why do old people fart?
what is phenylhydrazone?
what was the starting lineup for the 86 mets?
what is the closing rate of the usd/chf?
What is the most terrifying thought to you?
how can i help to ease the fear of the dark?
What is the difference between section 16 and 21 of gaming?
accounting help?
Why does the world have to be such an ugly place?
Who win the fifa2006 in Germany?
Do you really dislike the Christmas holidays?
PARAGUAY largest bank?
What date did Mt Saint Helens erupt?
Who would be the better tag team?
five facts about st lucia?
Where is East Jordan, Michigan located?
who likes carlos mencia?
What's a good villian name?
college text books online?
What do u think of gothic couples?
why do u answer these questions?
what is the statute of limitations on drug charges?
Databases ?
were do you find real love?
Hey ppl.What do u think of Koreans??
Is Jesus really is the only way to God?
How do you change your e-mail name?
how do you obtain the rules to use  AutoCAD?
a slogan for chlorine to sell it?
How to change your time on Media Center?
explain candle power?
Is this a going Starting line up for week 10?
Tell me the ICC Test rankings?
What is up with Shakira?
what is the significance of black buddha?
Which teams are overrated for this upcoming World Cup?
Electrical Substation Operation And Maintenance?
where was the U.S. largest LSD bust?
Is Bo Gritz crazy?
What factors affect the power output of a person?
Who discovered plants male female?
Can slavery be justified?
should i dump ??? please answer now!!?
Is it true that all snowflakes are shaped differently?
Weird discharge.. Females please help?
Elegant Gothic Lolita Online Stores?
Can you write off points paid on a home loan?
the open soft spots in a babys skull are called?
how many women like to?
can germany get to the final?
The Latin phrase "Vae Victis" means what?
similar sites like www.cooltoad.com?
What is the single greatest movie of all time?
How does NAFTA affect Iraq?
Old Rosters for harlem globe trotters?
how should i propose to him?
can i use ms outlook with yahoo mail?
how to be romantic with a girl??
why phaeophytin happen?
What does "goody two shoes"?
Why are Americans so dumb and ignorant?
what is this?
Give some advices?
polar bear excretion process?
how can I get a work permit to work in Canada?
where to find free movies to download besides limewire?
what effect does ethanol have on cell membranes?
How do you like it? shaved or trimmed?why?
is it worth downloading Ccleaner??
what is one thing that scare you ?
25 reason y i love him?
Whats the best MMORPG game ?
Any site for totally free mp3 song to download?
What is the quantum for energy and quantum of time?
which king of England lost the English Civil War?
Area of a hexagon?
What is the differance between road and street?
Why does a reporter get more TV exclusives than our soldiers?
Please help anybody!?
confused.......about books?
Do you get along with your in-laws?
how do u make myspace layouts?
how to find intermediate 2nd year results?
how many in a bakers dozen?
What should I do when I keep farting too much?
How was the weight of the earth measured and who did it?
Help, do a front flip on diving board!?
Sorting word document?
Why are whites almost always the ones accused of racism?
did you ever see the chubidicobida?
Can someone feedback about AOL anti virus program?
what is the definition of textbook driven curriculum?
The Killers or Green Day?
what is the affect of NAOH on growing plants?
Did u notice that kobe...???
Should i date girls that study pshycology???
What to do if my boyfriend changed?
For the men only?
Sleep disorders?
My vocal prob.?
what does bubbagaboosh mean??
Are hockey skates worth 400$?
Holocaust cartoons vs. Mohammed cartoon... ?
I think I  messed up?
Lead singer of Fall Out Boy DIED?
could we all die someday?
what should i buy?
what do you call bees that make milk?
Do you enjoy taking a dump?
fingernail + hiv?
how do i edit my avatar?
Am I right to be worried too much about the bird flu?
does talking on msn 2 guys count as cheating?
This question is for men...?
Anyone know a good troubleshooting PC website?
a chemical property is?
Really having trouble with this girl..?
Center of gravity....?
please name one of the player of real madrid?
what is best to eat for breakfast?
Who does that song from the Breakfastclub?
What are the main issues in national border patrol/security?
The story of chechen war with Russia?
I've reached a relationship crossroads and need some help?
i wear  contacts. . . .?
2 easy Math Questions!?
how do i get my indian name?
What should I be??
Math Problem?
How do you land a 360 flip?
how to choose a proper size baseball bat?
What three words do you most hate to hear after making love?
Are you attracted to alcohol ad that has sexy lady in it?
My computer is older I have windows 98 on it.?
Can long distance relationships really survive agains the tests of time ?
what do you think?
Why does it rain when its warm and sunny???
Married People, ....just wondering???
Do celebraties deserve our time?
What is Javascript Wizard?
what are the english classic horse races?
school related?
Who own's the sand dunes in Walden, CO?
Will getting married interfere with my grant money for college?
How high off the ground should swings at a play ground be?
What was John Lennon's mother first name ?
How do I stay awake at work?
how much is a pond worth in us dollars?
What is a slanted triagular prism called?
what are your favourite Eddie Murphy movies?
whats is up with the guy code thing?
Why are the Eastern Conference Finals always competitive and fun to watch?
Are there any famous people who have had down syndrome?
What is the best center pairing for the All Blacks?
Whats the real reason our bodys produce Saliva?
How can I retrieve overpayment in child support?
how do i set real player to be the default player.?
Is gonorrhoea always sexually transmitted?
how can i reduce fat from chest and abdomen?
should the voice be very slim to become a singer?
who is the richest woman in the world?
what do you think of the  learner-centered education?
Dating....?
Linux, CDs and partition?
How do you loop a project in Flash MX?
wrestling video clip?
Why isn't this kind of information made public?
Wrestling with today's Pop Culture?
What is electro-optics?
what is mynome?
What do you do for fun?
Marrige at age 17?
why do so many people think skate boarding is dumb?
could someone tell me how to say aunt in other languages?
solve square root of 2x+3=6?
What makes mosquito bites itchy?
where can i view my credit history online for free?
what exactly is a criminal binder?
Did the Titans make a mistake by taking Vince Young?
i am clusterphobic, can someone help?
how do i increas my breast size at home?
How do the new roller coasters use magnets for breaks?
is there any one who has born in July 20,1973?
Computer File Transfer.?
who is the most hated man in sports?
dude, please help me. read for details?
Stop mastrubation and porn?
What is the highest credit score you can get?
What the hell is going on with North Korea?
Have you satarted your Chrismas shopping?
Why is German engineering so superior?
what is Knowledge database ?
who here is smart?
whats low end torque?
Whats the website for getting peoples numbers and address on BT?
Hollow earth??!!?? Do u believe??
How would you enter another galaxy?
How many people have died from ALS?
What is a volatile buffer?
Did anyone watch Girlfriends yesterday?
can you really make money with on line surveys?
Help with this song?
Do you consider illegal Mexican immigrants to be low class scum?
Guess what VAH stands for?
inkjet printer?
I want to know the biological factors affecting toxicity?
what is bone marrow?
what time does banks close on week days?
i need your help!!!!?
what year was bryan from b5 born?
My Boyfriend just broke up with me...?
Is drinking too much coke bad 4 you?
how can i defeat all problem in my life?
Have to write an report on a composer...?
What is anti-red and anti-blue?
what is the color of the danmark flag?
Explain why President Johnson was more successful than President Kennedy?
i want knowledge abt voice chat in php?
is serbia a part of yugoslavia?
What is a "Promise Keeper"??
help me with this please?
What do you call a baby Robin?
Who else is sick of hearing about the Brad and Angelina thing?
how to do flambe?
MY husband never apologizes after a fight?
whats the difference between JSP and ASP?
what areas of winnipeg have the highest crime rates?
I have a long penis do you?
Ummm. Crush?
How different is the Bangalore CET from the Mumbai CET?
Is Aiming Something in Life a good idea or bad?
I love catching lake perch. Any recommended baits?
What do you think?
Why help 3rd world countries?
wat is a good sentence with native american?
Where can i find a remote for the computer?
what's up?
what is the purpose of ray diagrams in physics?
where can i find guitar notes for free in the web ?
If anyone knows how to?
sample paper for twelth class?
Why does my back hurt?
iformation on sir isaac newton?
who will win footballl world cup?
is autism a recessive or dominant trait?
what is the meaning of the term reflective practioner?
Does anyone here like lord of the Rings?
how can i print my worksheet at excel?
In what temperature does C13H37OH boils ?
Mohan i want to help you further pls give your email?
What is your favorite romantic comedy?
what is a sub -prime mortgage?
how do you know that electromagnetic waves can travel through a vacuum?
Who do you think ?
What defines Skin Cancer?
why is it so hard to get an honest husband?
past tense of the verb to leave?
Why is the Donkey the symbol for the Democratic Party?
Can any Christians tell me exactly  where your Heaven is located?
how did the gorverment pay for the war effort?
Which Laptop is the best to buy?
Does anyone know what the music in the apprentice boardroom is?
Is the Quran the only answer ?
Who is your Top 5 running backs of All-Time.?
what animal or insect do you fear?
we like each others company.....?
how can i close the gap in between my front teeths?
can i get mining lease on the moon.?
really tight vaginas. How do you help this?
Is it wrong to get married at the justice of the peace?
Dose Alex Rodriguez Deserve the MVP award yes or no?
I dont have Girl Friend, Can I get in future?
how long does a tree stay alive?
Which is faster gravity or light?
why did the war of 1812 begin?
what is the theoritical knowledge from the below case study?
get some points...!?
Agree or Disagree?
What do couples talk about?
impurities affecting boiling and melting point?
do u like TOM CRUISE or not???
what is the distance :point to line equation?
Different kinds of drugs?
What are real life applications for a lemniscate curve?
To all athiests and non believers?
why am i not getting the right guy?
Top 5 Movies of All time?
where does spy sherrif come from?
how come every time.......?
what are the qualities of good customer services person?
are there any teams looking at charlie garner?
realreward card registration?
If god is all mighty and powerful...?
How many tablespoons in a pound?
Any ideas on how i can move to America?
what qualities do men seek in a woman they want to marry?
is bow wow and ciara still together?
I need help figuring out who sings this song!?
what do u think about bush.?
manual uninstall o/s?
How do I file with a 1099?
what does BAR exam stand for?
What type of religion do you believe?
Too much of governance?
getting live E-mail alerts?
What is the crime? Who is the victim?
Ladies, when you have PMS?
Web server operating system?
What does a spammer look like?
why was system struck?
i need advice?
What did you think of the new Tiara Girls show?
why?cute?cute?
plz helpme with this project?
Will you do your part to speed up the net?
which 3 herbs may be beneficial for post natel depression?
Who will the Lions pick?
do you American people are afraid about foreign peoples?
What is poetry? A true expression feelings or a false.?
I need help with a computer game...?
Any good sites / discussion forums to promote my poster?
Well why sex is so important in our lives ?
what are the importance of determining the sensory evaluation of oils?
what is randy jonsons # ?
What is the fastest time you can complete a research?
A gruesome question...?
What does it mean if someone calls you clingy?
Has anyone taken Sertraline/Zoloft before?
Will someone talk to me?
will a hot girl send me some pics plz?
mooooooods?
do you believe in the bible like i do?
If you become a teacher, do you get free summers?
who love butts like me ??
? Projectile motion problem....?
Should Animals Be called Feral Nuisances?
What is your opinion of "West Side Story"?
when will i start my period?
External hardrives?
Is this something to be concerned with?
HELP PLease?
What does this famous quote mean?
how can beta be removed or delete in messenger?
what is mortgage?
How do I establish credit?
Why are virgo women so difficult?
can you suggest some games for teaching history  ?
How can I extract copper from a penny?
Are children of ADHD truely helped by medication?
what is cole and dylan favorite candy ?
Is Jillian Reynolds pregnant?
What are your true feelings toward white people?
I have another one for the ladies?
Does Saddle Creek Records mean anything to you?
my friend drinks everyday sometimes is she a drunk?
What would you name your daughter or son?
who found the rose classical curve?
Are you willing to give it up?
What can be swallowed, but can also swallow you?
Which stream of engineering is better Electronics & communication or computer science?
Which teams will reach the World Cup Finals this year?
how to propose to my man?
I need info on Washington?
who...........?
us dept of trnsportattion?
How do I transfer picture slides onto a disc?
Should I buy a home in Albany New York?
Where can I translate my Birth Certificate from English to Spanish?
who knows about gossip girl no 9?
Women Sex Question??
please tell me everything you know about Mahatma Gandhi?
why are arabs so angry?
How can i manage my time?
when is the first game of nfl preseason?
free website to download dll files?
Do employers look negatively on military service?
Which driver would you get in a car with??
what is the best way to get married?
What qualities are girls really looking for in guys these days?
When I get my wisdom teeth pulled what will they charge for?
How many rings are around Uranus?
Alebgra (In need of serious help)?
what does veo mean?
should west ham have won the FA Cup?
What does it mean to be Canadian?
How to help my swollen throat?
Why could be the problem with my friend?
what movies was the glienicker bridge in?
Why is Potty so tasty?
Can you believe in God and not the Bible?
I need names and ages of the Serbia y Montenegro team?
what is the "troika" ?
evanescence where was my immortal video shot?
have anyone haerd of greenday?
why do we call women's underwear a  pair of panties?
do you like the band, Salmonella Dub (NZ)?
genetics:what is a dominant negative receptor?
how many people agree with me?
why do we need to celebrate valentines day?
Who was the best player on the 2005 Boston Red Sox?
Opinions on the recent protests regarding illegal immigrants?
need good deit plan?
Rules for hockey?
is The F word really an acronym?
does anyone have a recovering alcoholic success story they can share?
What other Presidents were hated like Bush? Besides Nixon.?
How do I put a leech onto a fishpole?
Top five of Bruce Willis films?
what is the best way to get flat tummy.?
What if your spouse wants to have a 3 some?
How do people survive daily life?
Who plays Cassidy in Goldplated?
How would one characterize the new political movement in Latin America?
How many Element?
Ok heres another question for all yall?
how does this happen?
why do men lie soo much?
why amir khan join with narmada issue?
will me and jose get married?
what is the importance of brocolli?
Islam and homosexuality?
Security Forces of the Air Force?
Where are you all from?
Laptop touchpad TERROR! Help?
I need help ! how do you solve this problem?
Are there any Deadwood fans here? Its fantastic!?
Who else think JT the Brick annoying?
Electrical engineering question.?
cheating is wrong period in marriage .What do you think ?
would you ever sleep with your boss for a raise?
My friend just called me and he was drunk...?
how do you correct a shank in golf?
How would I know, that he is indeed my soulmate?
Do you get charged when you call another computer?
can i download eclipse with in build AS?
physician abbreviation?
Where can I find family couseling in the Bronx?
I have a vegan coming over for thanksgiving?
locate a person using SSN?
Any information about Carol Matsuzaki?
list of offset printing machine manefacture?
How many GB of space does a PS2 game disk have?
animal farm by george orwell?
what would you do for your country?
what is a hand   job?
Who was KC CHIEF #66?
how to grow tall?
Who are some good footballers who wear the #9 jersey?
Drunk Driving Charges?
Are there any nice looking safety glasses for my soccer daughter?
how can I get an idea patened for a low cost ?
will southend beat colchester to-day?
how to move Goldmine database files in excel?
Can you make a business selling selfmade items on ebay?
how did georgia get its name?
Is there a good free alternative Fraps?
who was yr first crush ?
Which team received the following award?
What do I do??
When is Hanakua this year?
can my "displayed image" be seen by any body?
where do you learn to hack?
What is arnold palmers address?
guess the score for tonights game and get 10 points?
how is demulsification process?
How do you put a frog into a deep sleep?
i have a few questions in math?
how to change password in dos command? OS winxp?
how did the 911 no for emergency orginited ?
How can I get a girl friend?
Does bi even mean anything?
What will be the final score between Mexico vs. Portugal?
Knowing & doing gap?
how to domnload file other than bittorent?
what is the full form of nasa?
Are you pro or con Illegal immigration and why?
who is MasterCard_Sterl DirectPay?
y does ice float in water?
How are planetary magnetic fields produced?
Where did hawthorne heights get there name from?
where an i learn about the system of a flower?
Whats The best Disney Movie And Character?
what is Listerine how can it help reduce tonsils?
What question recieved the most answers?
Do girls like sex as much (or more) than guys?
Just wondering..Stupid question..?
For Rev Trask?
How do i get my bf 2 call me?
what is deaf , dumb and blind but always tells the truth?
Are there gothic style churches/chapels in Southern California?
how do you pronounce stupid in korean?
how can iget motivated to run again?
love and relationships ?
what is UFO?
what happened to the undertaker on the wwe?
digital camera to DVD?
what is love??
How do wet mount slides show depth?
are there anyone from toronto on?
Does any other fraction have any generic name like Pie?
Im looking for California Inmate Prison Rights On Health Care?
An important legal question! Legal experts only?
How long does a Florida warrant last?
Just guess Who will get WORLD CUP?2006?
what is a firewall and what is  a trojan?
What is my appropriate weight?
Do you feel the Media Age offers little in actual substance?
How often do your synapses  misfire?
why Saddam Hussein?
who did queen hatsheput live with?
Who wants to lose weight the healthy way?
What time is 1600 GMT in EST?
Roster for Smackdown vs raw 2007?
Which is better?
how long does oxycontin stay in system?
Girls with muscles?
Please Help?
how tall is paul teutul sr.?
Who was fifa president between  1961- 1974?
What are 3 famous soccer teams in Europe?
Why aren't Asian guys popular with girls of other races?
summarize chapter 1 in us history one nation many people?
what are a doctor's obligations to any patient?
Welfare? is it well fare?
Is this laptop good for my specs???
what is computer aided learning?
how many words does on average a person speak in a day?
what are the nanomedicine applications that you know?
Burn a 2-disc DVD set to 1 dual layer DVD?
how do you rsvp for an informal event?
Wich program. I need to see a MP4 video?
Personal Qualities Of Cancers?
A stranger walks into a bar in the Old Wild West?
If trees could scream...?
how high will gold and silver prices go?
what makes you the most angry?
what is the verb in this sentence?
Ingenious mousetrap ?
What is my number?
What do I do?
Does Kurt Russel's son Boston have a disability?
After i play w/myself....?
did anyone see the video?
why do stars twinkle whereas planets dont????
9 speeding points and facing 3 more, what will happen?
A Question for our American friends?
KYLIE or DANNII?
how can i get free classifieds sits list?
Good Grade??
Guys out there, what is considered sexy in a women?
California State Approved Degrees worthless?
can I make yahoo my home page?
anybody familiar with this song.. its played at sports games?
1 -vs- 100....?
best friend+boy friend = huh?????
Red Eyes Cure?
Between Unix and Linux which one would you recommend and why?
how does the church respond or feel towards eating diorders?
Does the Biological Clock Toll for Men Too?
how to cope with ocd??
Whi is the top scorer history in world cup?
Should people be allowed to create an artificial consciousness?
Which team will get more yellow cards in England-Portugal Match?
Who will be the next President of the USA?
What's wrong with him?
The first Muslim was Muhammad?  Abraham?  Jacob? Moses?
what is a cromanjong?
I need serious answers!?
have you even been hospitalized in a pysch ward?
Should their be a "no voting" tax?
Anyone ever successfully reunited with an old flame?
I have these scars...?
Placekicking?
why do old men always flirt with younger girls?
Have you noticed this??
what's the title of that song?
Is sex without condoms more enjoyable?
what factors affect plant growth?
where can I find discount coupons for local golf courses?
Why is cold cold?
who is the best player in the premiership currently?
Dream Meanings?
What do you do?
Bulls, what to do?
Who is the first scorer in the FIFA World Cup?
Do you have any cool success stories of wealth?
Does Yahoo Beta Support External POP Mail?
Question about youtube.com?
what is the population of australia?
showing a girl a good time?
anyone else done their erasmus year abroad?
Is Undertaker really a dead man?
first black high school in north carolina ?
Panic attacks!!!!!?
what's your favourite tv show and character?
is lauren a beatiful object?
i have question with ideal gas law?
what in life is really FREE ?????
Should I go to University of Washington or University of Chicago?
acid/base indicator?
which is the best free antivirus to use?
how to delete screensavers on Windows XP?
Is proactive solution really good on pimples?
why do people create cpu viruses?
Reuse  Memory for more pictures.?
where can i download internet explorer for free?
Are treadmills bad for knees?
How do i set up xbox live?
Why Rain Forest is called "Rain"?
what is your all time favorite movie??
Question for Blood Draws?
Does anyone have a football card pricing guide?
What is the latest microsoft today?
Father of my child?
Whats up with male  Taurus?
cost to demolish a 12 by 56 foot mobile home?
Didn't I tell you?
Where are the lost ten tribes of israel?
Why are all big women better than other women?
How do I keep my swim goggles fog free?
Quick-Easy 10 Points?
where do you get golden age cards?
wats wrong with me and guys?
Good reasons for war?
Why are Liberals hypocrites?
Essay topic help?
Are Pinky and The Brain mice or rats?
which was the first cellular provider?
Please help!!!  What worked for you?
Who can help me play the violin better?
Sneezing - help!?
Chocolate math riddle?
Do I file Bankruptcy?
Help me please! What should i do?
Laptop Question?
how much weight am I expected to gain from giving up smoking?
How do you stay motivated?
UCLA as NCAA champs?
Mark Twain.?
What is the solution to insomnia?
What was your best homemade Halloween costume?
Which ones better: rap or rock??
Who or what is your inspiration in life?
Should I study at University?
does tylenol pm show up on drug test?
remember Mo Larry and Curly ?
Will Bush have to answer for his crimes in an international Court ?
Please tell me if I'm wrong.?
What exercises should I do after patellar tendon surgery?
What does lucky dog mean in NASCAR?
Who is the most downloaded person on the internet?
Why are there no famous people on yahoo answers?
How do you stop 'snoring'?
Why won't Yahoo chat load on my computer?
How can you describe the true love of your experience?
What are the three most popular equations in the world?
favorite wrestling finisher?
Do me an my girlfriend have a chance?
how long has Guantanamo Bay, Cuba been around?
What does MOS stand for and what does it actually mean?
how do you make gloop?
Is there someone who can help me come back to normal?
Anyone in Alabama need a great agent?
What does Antisemitic mean?
What are some fun & easy science fair projects?
What are the amendments? (Bill of Rights)?
Do you think religion has been replaced?
Name the important mountain ranges of the world?
what is meant by constraint in IT?
how do I get activex controls to run without being prompted?
economics question?
Does Bad Sex = True Love?
Is the Flying Spagetti Monster a male or a female?
how much does x-box360 cost?
Why do Men have different skin tones on their face.?
how old is too old?
who r good friends--boys or girls?
How can I connect to yahoo through my mobile phone?
Do you think UNC has a realistic shot at Butch Davis?
Riddle HELP!!!!?
behavior deviation?
Names of the companies providing winter training?
How do I shot web?
which place is best to date???
I bought an air purifer?
France vs spain!!!! who will win?
Who here likes Mtv?
Does liquor freeze?
Where have all these Chelsea fans come from?
i need help with my bf probelms.?
Which gives off more light, the sun or the moon?
how do I add my name to Utah downwinders list?
What does RAM help your computer?
Were was Usama?
ANSWER it PLEASE?
whats the difference between automatic transmission fluid and power steering fluid?
musical lawnmower pantera?
How effective is radiation therapy?
Is the Russian satellite "Sputnik" still in orbit?
what is the best way to help a fatty liver?
Has anyone had Ecoli Bladder infection?
What kind of fruit is best to eat after heart bypass surgery?
Are there any ways to help relieve a sunburn?
singing through your nose?
how many people download music illegaly in usa a year?
What are the best topics to talk about on a first date ?
What was the highest-grossing movie of the 1990s?
Who is still collecting those state quarters?
Housing loans by banks - finance question?
what is clue cells?
Why do people hate the media?
What is your sex life?
I don't get my math hw?
what would be the definition of rugged individualism?
what kind of poop is healthy poop?
Why is smoking pot illegal?
whay the world not be compatable ?
riddle!!??
What is covered under South Carolina Homestead Exemption?
Stay at Uni doing Computer Science or become an Estate Agent?
which hemisphere has more water the northern or southern?
Where 50 Cent go?
Is it wrong for me to pull a Girls hair?
Hey! Can somebody help me?
a good website to download videos?
What does Schmank mean?
American Workers?
Is sex how guys express their feelings?
Does anyone know what would be casuing night sweats?
what can make me forget my x-boyfriend?
what makes a city a capital?
A man meets a genie.?
greek design drawings title block?
vtech engines?
what was buck rogers' robot's name?
how much can you lose?
Wall of Shame on Jarhead the movie?
where can i find the Chinese Ping yin learning website.?
Are Varsity Swimmers in your school popular?
How many bones does the human body have?
weekly AFL Show in Melbourne?
What country was Oliver Kahn's clothing brand first exported?
What is your drink of choice?
What does a Forestry Consultant do?
spend the summer apart....?
Lessons we learn?
How do I give up the illusion of being seperate?
Avian bird flu?
what is the minimum wage in israel today?
why can't i access my email account?
Is it such a bad name?
favorite song?
What's the funniest movie?
what are the rates for unemployment benifits?
Question on myspace.. help!?
Who has been Manchester Citys best Keeper?
What to white European storks eat?
what is the biological theory of motivation?
what would u do if you won the lotto?
when someone sneezes?
Where can I find my local polling place?
what are extrinsic and intrinsic value in salary.?
Landmark Forum?
what is 2^10000000?
The idea of the lazy poor??
Who won the Nascar race at Talladega today?
Can Amish people use the internet?
What kind of clinical experience do medical schools look for?
which world 2nd language?
Where is the center of the universe?
Why don't cops realize that everyone smokes weed?
Flirting or Not?
iTunes out of nowhere turned into Japanese.?
Where is cinco de mayo celebrated?
true or false?
Why is (some number)/0 undefined?
how much protein are in eggs?
how English is important in this society?
Contraception...?
What y'all think about the Survivor Series matches so far?
how can I make a hindu temple in my home?
wind erosion can cause?
Sweet Riddle?
How do different types of relationships influence interpersonal communication?
T o everyone out their?
Something's wrong with my laptop?
What do u think of Mexicans?
is dabrat and lisaraye related and how?
Are you easily offended?
What's the Difference?
What is meaning of Rodeo rider?
Existence of man...?
how many people are on a basketball team?
who like gnarles barkley's new song Crazy?
what is the fear of torcher called?
whats the word for prefix meaning 0.01?
How many people like soccer!!!!!!?
Why when I open up MySpace is it so slow?
need words that rhythm with seven?
what causes the rapid breathing during exercise and after exercise?
Who would have made a better sidekick than Robin for Batman?
Where can I buy a retired Texas state flag?
ladies room?
How can I cheer myself up when depressed?
is the washington mutual credit card not a scam?
How do you give yourself an enema???
i m alone whats i can do?
my birthday is the 8 of September what are all my signs?
Do you no where I can get free voice removal software?
Should I play Larry Fitzgarald a?
Is it a sin to get a tattoo?
dates...???
Who finds the concept of  "Lolita" sexy?
What does MMLF stand for?
what city is 38, -97 on the map?
give some homonyms in tagalog?
what are boogers in ur nose for?
boy friends?
how do i stop procrasinating??
No toilet paper.. what would you do ?
VSEPR Structure Names?
Why wont those young people get off my lawn?
what is the differences?
First Date?
Kurt Russell?
how to purchase knowledge skill abilities copies for government jobs?
Is Borat offensive or a great piece of propaganda?
who was the first president of the u.s.?
what is the scattering of alpha partical?
Does anyone know of any Pro-Choice songs?
work at home?
why can't i see my friends avatars anymore?
list of products to export to china?
Has anyone ever had Tetanitus?
Why are religious people referred to as anti-intellectual?
How funky is yo monkey?
definition of accounting?
what is the nclex and how do you pass it?
can i have noeleen translated in chinese characters?
when will oil be poured on the troubled waters of sudan?
GUI   full form?
How do you make a website without being charged?
Why am I suddenly incontinent when I drink alcohol?
Imperfect and Preterite Tense In Spanish?
please answer me...?
what would you do if u are the class leader?
what three words rhymes with spring?
What annoys the hell out of you?
How can I get coach licence for australia?
Who sings this song?
what is the chemical composition of diamond?
Is it true that volcanoes causes global cooling in the future?
Should there be flat tax for all Americans?
when your ex says he is just enjoying the single life?
Why does this happen?
how tall are the goals from crossbar to floor?
anyone been a drum major or that is?
How old is the human race?
Do you think we should send more troops to Iraq?
"What is Green Computer"?
How far is America from Iraq?
How to trade in indian stocks, being in US?
another boxing question for everyone?
Is Phil Mickelson as nice a person as he seems?
time of African Nationalism (When)?
What is the Zone of Maturation?
Can you explain your faith in "god",  without quotes?
What is the educational system like in Eastern Europe?
Will the NY Yankees game be cancelled today?
Who is running for election in the 2008 presidental election?
What are some ways to keep the sexual romance in a relationship?
When will the war in Iraq be over?
where can i do boxing classes?
Would You Tell?
what is a vapor lock?
whats your most embarassing moment?
What does f(5) equal?
what are the ethics you expect at the place you work in ?
What am I?
Do u think WWE' Legend The Rock should return?
Apple or Windows?
I am a Malaysian who wants to move to the United States?
why christians say going to heaven and Not Paradise?
How do I go about getting into selling real estate?
what is best having school uniform or without school uniform?
what are four major choices that can affect health?
virgin means?
Are there any spouses of soldiers?
Where can I find information on the the United States Communist Party?
In what part of the world Tunisia is situated?
Are there any soccer teams for toddlers in Albuquerque?
Why is red ink prohibited from tax forms?
why we cant speak about holocoust freely?
Five million big ones?
check this out!!?
Who or what do you love most in the world?
Lightscribe Question...?
My husband doesn't want me???
Rollerblade question?
What is the best website for a map search?
Is Margaret Thatcher the most hated British PM ever?
What is the Speed of Dark?
Is it okay for me to marry my female clone?
How do you deal with discrimination?
germinating vs. non-germinating?
Guys what is the first thing you look for in a girl?
what is the best way to handle menopause?
I want to know all about Lycoperdales?
What does stipends mean?
Good nite???
why my yahoo home page is not similar with other?
Can Get A Free Gift if You Are An Indian ?
What are the educational requirements for a nose job?
problems finding someone?
What is the name of the combintaion of light?
how many cals do i need?
who is marlin manson really does anyone know?
a story about a person's life written by that person?
Question for Ladies?
conceptual framework on marijuana?
Online perscriptions?
running older games on win xp-?
how do you divide decimals?
Where can I find a good website to translate words?
Do you agree that  Goal Keeper should be trained psychic power?
Question about The Ring...?
What do you know abt AREA 51?
who here likes brutal metal music?
Where Do me like to go on dates?
what is the true defenition of theft?
who do you want to win the superbowl?
whats the difference between a castle and a palace?
what is a four or three letter word for heaven?
unsolicited Nigerian emails. Real or scam??
Rate this joke.......?
Billups or Nash?
Who was the first person who discovered America?
how is the NBA boring compared to college basketball?
Is Lebron James one injury away from being average?
Does Air Alert 3 actually improve your vertical jump?
Are there any legal assistants in here?
whatis futher of earth?
How do i get people to respond to my entries?.?
east vs west?
can i drink alcohol while taking antiinflammatories?
What time is it now?
how many animals do you have?
free rental contracts?
is brown college a good school?
who can tell me how to get a girl friend?
what is the worst video game you have ever played?
Do kamikaze pilots wear helmets and if so why?
is he attracted to me?
what is a common problem most college students face today?
do u think the day will ever come?
recruiting active foreign military personnel to australia?
Where did Noah find a pair of Kangaroos?
Indian stock market?
who are the teammates of Iran?
What ever happened to free government cheese ?
what is a upc code and what purpose does it serve?
The Labrynth...?
Why are some Christians so patronising?
Does the universe disappear every time I blink?
best ever british comerdy?
why do men urinate after sex?
To medical proffessionals?
When is Tila Tequila's CD coming out?
How can we change India into an Islamic State ?
What are the qualities of a good teacher?
Need Info on Gilmore Girls?
optimization problem, maximizing perimeter?
how can i open a restaurant chain?
bite force of a great white shark?
Looking for the name of a song?
What's wrong with this computer?
Can a Catholic priest refuse to give you confession?
can you wire a startermotor for forward and reverse?
Why are people so crude?
Physics Piston question?
How many ounces in a mile?
Are there different types of Bipolar?
some farmers believed their prosperity depended on producing more crops.?
can i answer you beautiful quistions?
Do jails do harm or are they good? give reasons?
Where can I find online training for Crystal Reports 10?
Miami heat?
Is this true?
What's the physiology of a sneeze?
Walt Disney World trivia?
when was the first pronographic movie made?
can you tattoo over shingles?
this guy really likes me... what do i do?
What do you think  of Hines Ward ?
Because of E mail will the job of Mail Man disappear ?
what is Factor H?
Who's the sexiest actress of all times?
why do girls keep asking about lesbians???
should marijauna be legal?
How many politicians have sent their sons and daughters to Iraq?
What do you think about Canadian Grand Prix?
how to change the default drive for downloading files?
Best way to treat Achilles Tendonitis?
DVD player restore on Dell Dimension 4550?
this sentence is correct Ellaine always watches tv.?
whats in style.?
what is a voltaic cell?
Serious honest phone question?
I cannot conect to any chat. What should I do?
How to use utorrent?
Laptop trouble?
How many piercings and tattoos have you got?
what is rehabilitation centre and  hospice?
How much does an average internet cafe make in a year?
Which soccer team is the perfect one according to you?
How do I register for Data Entry work?
How can i find a boyfriend?
Chinese people/experts please?
How far will the US go in the  2006 World Cup?
can a woman be molested?
who wrote deperado waiting for a train?
how to do 6th grade book reports?
Is there a hi-tech industry in Africa?
Should I ask him out next time I see him?
How can people resist the current government?
list of the top 10 colleges for hotel management in india?
Men rarely wash their hands after urination...?
how do you make lsd?
i dont know who to believe?my feeling or him?
How should we keep old customs and traditions live?
Who owns the name 'Marshall Field'?
I am trying to find information on the SS Kellyn.?
Wouldn't it be sweet if The Blue Jays won?
what is a good science fair project?
Did anyone here go to a school that paddled kids?
Who will the Red Sox get in a possible Manny Ramirez trade?
i want to go to profiles.yahoo.com?
Anyone know any good love songs?
banana: Should or should not be taken internally?
how do i get over my boyfriend?
How do you to BLEND in spanish?
why is physics essential for explore the outer space?
How do I address attendees to my 25th anniversary at work?
how to get rid of excess water in your body?
Anyone just see Ronaldinho's goal V Villareal?
Who has influenced your political perceptions the most?
Does any one  know the cause of sores in the mouth?
Is the red sea red?
dose any one know how to start a radio station?
why do anxiety and depression seem to coexist?
why does my bf tell lies all the time for?
need to be in shape to play baseball?
how can i find  free preschool learning on line?
How would decorate a 2 year old boys room?
drift benefit?
What do right-wing and left-wing parties mean?
can people fear for ghosts?do they really exist?
Where can I find free military pen pal websites?
Why does every body hate President Bush so much?
Men? Do pretty eyes turn u on?
Why cant I E-mail an image?
Where can I get world cup final tickets?
Do hookers pay taxes at all?
could anyone tell me a good skateboard trick?
i need help?
How do you clean your house when you have CFS?
our next president: Cheney? Hillary Clinton? John McCain?
What is the meaning behind the Holiday Kwanzaa?
Whats your biggest problem in life?
never in pain after working out?
Who wants to work for me for minimal or no salary?
where is the best university to learn graphic design?
Why does the Japanese national team have a crow on their crest?
Who is hotter Ciara or Rihanna?
how do i get rid of ringworm?
what is a good car to buy please help?
What are the jobs of the future?
is Alvi or Alvie an English name?
ezcema problems?
Do you think kids grow up too fast!??
what if your sugar level first thing in the morning is 215?
algebra easy question?
Why people fall with the spam offers?
aim profile?
What celeb(s) do you hate?
Figure this one out!!!!!!!!?
what is zipper phagocytosis?
My mom has liposarcoma?
do you believe the davinvi code?
Bidding on ebay.?
What reaction occurs when ammonia is dissolved in water?
two is company,three is crowd?
What is the most beautiful part of women's body?
Where can I find a map of national landmarks?
Why the small airliners did better after 911?
I feel desperatley hopless?
more help with math?
For guys, please?
is free sex good or bad for a socity?
what does it take to wrestle a bear butt naked?
My boyfriend is a premature ejaculator?
Do u believe in E- mail friendships?
what is the real desire or the desire of soul.?
Do exist laser surgery for rectal fistula?
Any one interested in a little more useless knowledge??
What kind of animals do mice prey on?
i need some friends?
Does God pray? And if yes to whom?
since heat rises does that mean coldness descends?
Really good Joke?
how can we learn the sign language?
What job should I Chose Hairdressing or nursing??
How do I handle my jelous sister?
what is the characteristic of metal?
entry reef girl competition?
how do i get home videos onto my ipod?
what the cardio sports is referred to exactly?
what do guys like about girls?
how two black holes merge?
How does each of these themes of geography organizes information.?
If you were 25 again, what would your financial strategy be?
is their any good boys in dis place?
Guys..only....?
Which Medical Field?
WHAT ARE BLACK HOLES?
What is pKa value of Polymaleic acid?
where can i find the high school musical dvd?
need an advice!!?
is it wrong robbing poker machines?
how much air is in a volleyball that is inflated?
What continent has the most aids victims?
how do i find true singles blacks?
Should I do teacher training?
Do male nipples have a biological function?
How do i burn my stomach fat and get a six pack?
web side for citibank in bahrain?
What the hell happened to the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Waht do we do with the newly elected Hamas government?
who likes metrosexual men?
Why is spiderman's costume gray in spiderman 3 ?
How long is Adjutant General School in Fort Jackson, SC?
hi to all your big brother fans....?
Are you in love?
Does the Earth get heavier when a volcano erupts ?
answer this brainteaser for 10 points!?
Does it hurt to have a braces bracket changed?
Why are women created for pleasure for men and to serve men?
institutes in India offering "Wild Life Photography" course?
What's "Atkin's" diet?
Who do you think is going to win the world Cup?
Does anybody have a good poem about something you hate?
help? any ideas?
Are liberals hypocritical?
what's your favorite country song?
does england have a national anthem?
What are the job opportunities like for geography graduates?
Where will I get paid well for the job I am doing?
what rhymes with pills?
48st or 45st?
What are the Duites of A Baptist Deacon?
how to earn money ?
past laker player rosters?
will the cubs have a winning record this year?
what are the most agricultural products of Argentina?
Who invented the gyno stirrups?
"Ditto" means what to you?
How do you say these things in Spanish?
What are the 5 sections of the LIBRARY?
Do you like me ? What does your sixth sense say ?
Why is the sky blue?
Why is there so much sand in the Sahara desert?
How does evolution happen?
Why do some people float in water while others sink?
Why am I so dern good lookin?
what to do when you are on house arrest?
where can i get the list of all the system analysis tools?
EMO????????
wHat shouLd i do?..?
Is there a Gillette park in the NBL>?
Identify and discuss the significance of relevant principles of learning?
what's the meaning of reveir rafting ?
What is the best casket?
what is the best place to have a vacation in Texas?
what ions are responsible for hard water?
Help Plz!!?
Eastern and Western Roman Empire?
What role does lightning play in the Nitrogen Cycle?
how do you get safe mode from the start menu?
How to get a billion buck?
How to order an international eletrical codebook?
give me all the advice you know on reptiles?
Is it possible to not love her anymore?
Ghost? or Not?
does polo shirts match wtih cargo pants?
When is the next world cup cricket tournament?
Who Would Win In A Fight?
Could we get back together?
What does "carpe diem" mean?
which credit card has the best money feedback?
Do animals also have orgasms??
Has anyone literally found themselves in a pickle?
What do you put on an application if a store closed?
How do properly shoot a jump shot?
what are some basic but effective fighting moves?
why is true love hard to find?
is jennifer beals gay in real life?
watch your language in here do not swear?
Yim isn't working...?
how can i find some one for free without hidden charges etc?
what is "interface" in JAVA?
Hymen, what is that?
what is mysql clustering?
It’s Ronaldinho the best in the world?
What are the differences and similarities between Mitosis and Meiosis?
what is dental scaling and its benefits?
Earths magnetic field question?
if there were zombies what would you do?
Who is the author and finisher of your faith?
ok i need help!!!!!!!?
How can you the total area of a flat pattern?
anyone know anything about princeton university in nj?
How is RBK Pump Cross Trainer shoe?
how many super bowls has jerry rice won?
More harm than good???
Passionate people - do they match well together or spell disaster?
Who honestly thinks Tony Blair has been a successful PM?
Why does stuff get dust on it when you leave it around?
How do you cure a feverblister?
What do those yellow magnets mean?
what is ms-dos subsystem?
Windows Media Player 10 Library location?
How does one eliminate sulfur producing bacteria in drinking water?
Are there anymore nice guys out there?
what happens when u like that guy?
is there a UCLA law requiring students to carry ID?
Do you like Country music?
Why do lips get more dry during the Winter season?
How many 3 cents stamps are in 4 dozen?
What are your favorite TV Land shows?
Why is the judiciary critical in our system of goverment?
yom kipper?
What is the true measurement of success?
Dear President Bush,?
who let the dogs out?
how do you delete your?
How can I take screenshots off of a Pocket PC?
Does anyone else believe in the spirit world?
what does the y mean in 208y/120?
who are the top hunting outfitters in the United States?
Refinance My Home?
what should i do?
looking for yahoo person?
who is the chief secretary of Pondicherry?
Anyone moving from L.A. to Pittsburgh December, 2006?
what is the answer for c=94600?
What is Emphysema? Professional advice please.?
Your Mama Jokes??
Who your favorite IRL driver?
where can I get information about higher education in GB?
where can i find tips for need for speed underground 2?
put home movie on computer? old camera?
tips on writing a discursive essay..?
Do you believe that there is but one true religion?
how old is tim westwood?
what fruits contain most vitamin a?
Very Funny satire about Mel Gibson and Kramer please read?
Kirk Cameron...and the "master " show?
How Much Trouble Could I Bring Apon Myself?
something?
What speed is my dsl cable connection?
Economic, chemical and engineering uses of Palladium and Platinum?
what are the harmful effects of too much coffee?
Am I the only person that does this?
please , tell me about peers influence on achievement?
where does some of the oldest lava come from?
ncaa finals?
I want to become a Vet...?
Who likes backstreet boys still?
Here is A Link For Those Wanting Proofs?
Is it true the moon doesn't go round the earth?
i waxed my legs but then got little tiny bumps?
how do we generate the fourier map?
Do you agree with the following laws?
What does enable mean?
what is the word FLAG STAND FOR?
What do you see/ think when u hear this song ?
Fund Raising Abuse?
Republican Scandal?
chemistry question?
What Christianity means to you?
How can i get free templates for my website?
What is the frequency of bee wings?
When God meets you in heaven...?
What does dolce meta mean?
When was the Trojan horse used during the Trojan War?
Does anyone know how much is a US dollar in Dominican Republic?
what is pci communication device?
Is there any difference between Playstation s and Xbox 2?
who is the best weightlifter in the world?
what are some alternative treatments for a diabetic cat?
What are the impacts of globalization on the culture?
Why won't he marry me?
Any ideas for a research paper on bullying?
sad news...please read, very clever?
is it secure to pay by paypal?
collective christianity or collective conciousness?
What effect has the constant negative media had on the Iraq war?
Do not respond to this. Is this a question?
The Best Elvis Presely Songs?
How Do I become a Personal Assistant?
How do i get my gf to shave her bush?
Any good personal story about hockey?
What is the largest cargo aircraft by volume?
What is the best laptop to buy right now?
Trying out for a team?
Why does talking about sex thrill people so much?
SP2 for XP not responding to "save as"?
how to get rid of clemydia?
History question?
what is serotyping?
Why do guys consider women to be ditzes?
Should the punishment fit the crime?
What do you do for the flu???
How can i find a collaborator for writing a book?
How do you pronounce "meerkat"?
Is it possible to reach ABSOLUTE ZERO?
How does one define a native english speaker?
GOD do u believe??
how to draw comic cartoons on computer?
What is the relation between Religion and Politics?
How to understand the word "systematic"?
Does anyone know how to do and set up genetic problems?
Do dentists still use silver as filling?
Why didn't anybody watch ENTERPRISE?
How should i react when a guy say he likes me?
a question about religions.....?
Do atheists think they know more than God? Jesus?
want to find about logo and mascot in sport event?
how do equations help you?
what is the superball?
How much does a human breathe in 1 hour?
How do you think God wants us to be?
Will non-sustainable developments become halted?
how do I create chapters when burning a dvd?
What is the site for Philippine Ragnarok bot?
Do you prefer friendship or love ?"somebody special"?
dental health programs in the philippines?
What nation / people do you repect and admire the most?
how effective is U/V light for treating well water bacteria?
I am trying to find the sexual preditor registration site?
Are you ready to laugh?
Help me please?
what is the best way to manage your time wisely?
Holiday pay for Sunday holidays?
What is your opinion about the Immigration Rallies?
How can we know that someone likes you or they loves u?
what do i need to be a king?
what happened to Don Maclean, bbc Radio2?
What are songs with really good, deep, emotional lyrics?
will india dominate this century?
any one from medical schools?
Do Heterosexist Norms?
what date is 120 days from October 20, 2005?
what does 69ing it mean?
How should I ask I guy to hang out?
Sorry guys! What did Jesus mean by saying:?
is there heaven for a thug?
Do you think religions will ever disappear?
Name of this song????
how do i find my name in hawiian?
please tell me what is role conflict?
Rene Prieval, is he christian?
Am I crazy or what?
What is the first law of Thermodynamics?
what kinda chat games do you play?
who needs a boyfriend and tell me your email plz?
what does the mark of the beast really mean?
What does a camel skeleton look like?
Do you know who Eric Whitacre is?
How can I make my girlfriend miss me?
Should pot be legalized?
physics problem .... I need help please ?
Any good yo momma jokes out there?
How is it that prostitution is legal in Las Vegas?
what do you think of 50 cents music?
Who sings the new country song, I got a new girlfriend?
What is the best Led Zeppelin Album?
Should i leave or stay?
Anyone Have Any Exercises to lower Mistakes?
What are some good Latin/Spanish dance songs?
THere's this guy.....?
Why hate gay people?
Points in doubles in badminton?
Preparing a Solution?
What does "iced" mean in:?
Do hydrolysis reactions need both water and energy?
how to make you Skin Fair?
Which footbal team will you root for in the World Cup?
Why do I have pain during Penetration?
can anything be done to make puberty happen late?
Favorate School Subject?
Back Injury Medical Claims Statistics?
if we evolved  from monkeys can the process become accidentally reversed?
How do i use a digital camera?
molecules of the muscle cells?
how many cubic feet are in 3 cubic yards?
What is it about wounds that makes peroxide bubble?
Is it good to study with music?
What is your 5 favorite Disney characters?
how to have an extramarital relationshipin delhi?
Can a planet's moon have a moon?
Do u think there are really aliens?
why does turkey cause stomach issues?
what is mmf & ffm?
Locations of Worlds Fair in U.S.?
what does parlami di me mean in english?
How much software engineers in USA can save?
How do you say....?
Distinguish between a community and a population?
What's Disc Jockey?
what is the prefix of the Thailand mobile numbers?
how is money added to economy?
how old is yahoo?
What happen to all the top teams ?
know of any russian female rock bands/performers?
Anyone who has nyspace want to join my group?
Website Design?
What is the most expense baseball card?
Who do you think should be NBA MVP.?
How many question do you think you ask in one day?
Is there a difference?
who discovered aluminium??? i need to know quick?
Which is most powerful military of the world?
what's the zip code to las vegas?
Who invented The Crazy Frog?
another name for al hudaydah in yemen?
Which accents do you like?
Does any one understand this?
Is a huntsman spider dangerous?
how many men here like plus sized woman?
how does the black widow spider care for it's young?
Is it true that most black people can slam dunk?
what happens when you die?
boat ride near landmark?
Can Mr. bush win the war on terror ?
how can i get a record deal and with what label?
what is a lazy susan?
how do i reduce the contrast of my computer screen?
What Would You Do If their Were snakes On a Plane?
how do you study for a science test?
Who thinks they way Kurt got screwed 2 weeks ago was messed?
Why is it so hard for some to live?
everybody have to have sex only can have baby?
how many fish are really in the sea?
my court date is Monday. Is there enough time to file?
how can you have green amber?
What came first the chicken or the egg?
dental malpractice settlements?
Why to fire flames rise up?
Menage a trois?
What is diabetes type-II?
Severed artery what to do?
Anybody has any experience with adultfriendfinder.com??
Are there any illegal aliens here, who would do?
Why were many garment workers before 1911 unorganized?
what's the most important sense?
Is whats happening in Iraq a civil war?
Is Fidel Castro married ?  Does he have children ?
need a 240 sample question about wood and fabric subject?
Menstruation triggered by exercise?
a parameter is what in second grade level understanding?
my chemical romance?
celebrities in Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity?
Can you get beetel nuts in the USA?
What is the age of the civilization?
Consolidating Debt?
What can I take with Tylenol 3?
Three extremist groups currently operating within the United States?
what are the important assets a counselor needs to possess?
Urgently needed songtext of Yusuf Islam!!!?
In which State, I should buy a house for rental investment?
How do i get more muscles?
tell me the best current midfielders n their country also?
how to patient a prepaid card idea?
Doesn't Evolution allude to a definite source of life?
Iraq War a political mistake ?
what website is what not to wear?
Why did Bush lie about why he wanted to go to Iraq?
Explain your answer for this question scientifically.?
what is "tyranosaurs"?
What is Bill Cosby's Education?
why do catholics kiss a priests hand??
Anyone have any opinions on the Book Of Thomas?
okay guys...what does this mean?
Birth control?
making Asian woman legal to U.S.A?
Where can I find Singers?
what is an imulsifying agent?
What are the benefits of weight training?
ok guys, another tricky one! lol?
anxiety attack??
What causes a squeaky eye?
how virus is created and how can one hack other?
how to create a comic?
for those against plastic surgery?
ex boyfriend and mabey future boyfriend problems :[[?
Is any one in middle school or high school that like it?
what shall u do in an interview to pretend?
Can you answer this medical question?
Why are my joints dark ???
Who is still allies with US?
598% / 26% =?
what about mass chromatography?
what is the meaning of JIJI?
What are the factors responsible for urban planning specially in urban areas?
what type of metal is copper ?
Anyone with Zoloft experiences?
Can some one help me with this math problem?
christmas gift ideas?
Pub Quiz Questions?
MS Access & Internet?
Target or Wal-mart? Why?
How can I cover my investment against eventual stock market crash?
What does PFC mean in army terms?
what are some good websites that list house plans?
Tell me about Apple Computers Inc. of America.?
Do you have an article about Ifugaos Culture?
Will making English the official language accomplish anything? If so what?
I've never kissed before give me some tips please?
why is getting drunk so important to men?
Does anyone know if there will be a third Full Metal Panic?
Stregnth Training Question?
how ofter is the winter olympics?
Q for mostly guys, but girls can answer too.?
Biblical Name for 4 but not 1?
Where is the best place to get cheaper ink cartridges?
Who has info about the Norse religon?
How do I get a Cannabis card in CA?
Why am I spotting?
what is the best sand to use for kids playsand?
Why are Macs not as popular as other PCs?
what does a.o.l. represent and why??
Has anyone heard of plum island research lab.?
I need Help with my computer setup for oblivion?
What was the Capital of USA before Washington DC?
what should i do?
whats the best conversation starter with a girl?
To divide government or not?
why do we believe in god ?
where can i get a downloadable windows me startup disk?
serious question abt pcod?
How can I reduce my craving to smoke naturally?
Why the Saudi team can not succeed in world cup?
hi, how do u konw but sex?
I lose cookies, how can i find it back?
yellow cards...how many til red?
Is He clingy if so-how to stop him?
how many times can you fold a dollar bill?
where is the best place to skate in london?
Which skateboard is better a Blind or a Mystery?
What makes it so easy for you to judge people?
what is a teacher grant?
where and why did eddie guerrero die?
Where are the most American journalists killed each year in the world?
How I can produce my movie to the cinema?
Ever put a dollar into one of those change machines?
how old is President Bush?
Cure for under chin hair in females ?
why need supporting association for exhibition?
how to gain body weight?
Why do old people think they know better than the youth?
Mortgage Lenders?
How do you code a picture of your own?
Sleep... who needs it and how much?
Revise MY Question?
How do i fix my timing on my batting swing?
Is California long overdue for a massive earthquake?
Should a man always earn more money than his wife or girlfriend?
bianca is a big cheat,do you guys agree?
Do you believe?
When will Americans win the wars ???
WHY CAN'T I do it?
What is Pan German nationalism?
what if i say im hannah montana?
How many soybeans in a bushel?
Do Schlumberger field engineers receive a laptop??
What is the best university for majoring in international business?
what is length of stamp in the game of cricket?
10 points:  best recipe for rabbit stew?
What is the only state mentioned about in the bible?
Does "pi" have a limit like "e"?
Any suggestions for nonimmigration visa for parents from China?
how do u let go of ya ex?
who s madushan?
Pubic area shaving and erection?
Double standard ?
What is Jamie lynn spears e-mail?
College question "financial aid"?
Is there such a thing as freedom?
How Many Americans Agree With This?
dedekind gap theorem proof?
Want to hear some interesting immigration facts?
Where is Sadam?
ineed help for aim?
Ya like ma page??
yahoo music engine won't downlaod?
can we use agarose for RFLP?
women,  what would you do if you were elected president?
Taxation without Representation..Oh Really!?
who should win the con smythe in the nhl?
Integral question?
How do you feel about automatic writing?
How old????
What is the best computer graphics card?
What's the quickest way to lose 10 lbs?
What do you think of Kentucky?
who made the decisions about the Japanese-Americans?
How does a cell phone work without wires?
This is a classic?
Is Our President an Alcoholic ?
Does Yellow 5 really shrink your pen*s?
How many years does George Bush have left in this term?
im learning japanese? anyone wants to practice with me?
What can I do this weekend?
BF 2142 Mouse Worth the $$$?
Whats the reason why an incumbent loses?
My heart then wept...?
I like him...and he might like me.?
Is mankind caught in a  "no win"  situation ?
how can i creat  my own chatt site?
what did wilt chamberlain do for the community?
Who are the best defence-man in world cup?
How many fingers am I holding up?
Is T.I. single?
Is anyone familiar with the cuckold lifestyle?
what are three of connecticuts important cities?
When you marry it will be for - love or money?
I made love to a married man???
Define business intelligence in no more than 50 words?
Why does your urine smell after you eat asparagus?
want to send the gift to nigeria?
how can i appl for a job at the holiday inn?
Should u answer this question?
My draft report.?
Is No Child Left Behind working?
How do i Convert a MP3 to a Mid??
where can i get information about malaysian next top model?
Hey All you Christians! Do you share your faith regularly?
comedy fans?
why do we pay respect to the us flag?
how can you change songs into quality ringtones?
Any opinions on Town House in Marietta, OH?
how to not fall sleep in the class?
who makes the best golf clubs?
your last thought when jumping off a building?
What is your favorite brand for a stainless steel kitchen sink?
Who loves the Oilers!?
bad calf pain?
Where was the first space rocket invinted?
who is better male or female?
what do musk ox herds do?
Are there foods I should avoid if I have eczema?
foot falls for the walk trot and canter in horses?
Where can i volunteer in Arkansas?
do you tend to skip the questions that are too long?
when i am doing sex with my wife?
What turns you on?
ithaca college?
Areolas?Opinion Please...?
what can u write to tell her i love her?
how do i findout what name a house is rented in?
how do you get people to stop talking crap about you?
most said...??
Can a girl pee standing up without making a mess?
What is under the M on the Brewers logo?
How do u tell  a friend something without him getting offended?
can i marry a guy called anshul?
How do you get a guys attention?
Please ID this reggae song!?
How can i write  code in java to  search website?
How do I become better at sports?
What is the street address for Danbury Mint?
What is your favorite oxymoron?
how was segregation stopped in the 1900s?
Clear discharge?
where are the class of 1997 senior serperlative?
Telling your parents you have a girlfriend (age 14)?
iwant to buy boys red bull motercycle jacket?
why do guys love and stop loving?
can squirrels be domesticated?
does a chicken urinate thru it's skin?
Solve with addition method?
How many goals is a Hat-Trick?
whats a word that rhymes with aquarium?
What do you think of school?
What day did walt Disney die?
What is your favorite nikelodeon cartoon/show?
I'm a little scared...?
Legal Help?
what deal is teddy rossevelt famous for?
Who likee Kelly Clarkson new song "BOLD"?
Introduction to Physics. I need help with some homework questions.?
Biracial SKin Color?
what is love really?
is it easier to get pregnant when your on your period?
Why can't I sleep?
Doesn't Evolution allude to a definite source of life?
does anyone know this song ?
Legal advice please?
what are some sex tips for lesbians?
Johnny Lechner?
ice save oranges?
any one like val kilmer?
how do you make an hickie?
is bernie kosar getting a divorce?
question for girls ?...?
is eric close related to glenn close?
serious question...i need serious answers?
Can you believe this weather?
Acid and bases question?
how do i remove tsm008 from my computer?
Who was THE personality of 2006, and why?
What has this to do with Christians eating Pigs?
Why was Futurama  canceled? I loved that show!?
very personal question no jokers plz?
Help on another rational expression?
Question about communicating with women...?
thermal depolymerization? does it work?
delhi colleges are closed now?
Why does terrorism exist at all?
why do the game and 50 cent have beef?
how can i learn english perfectly?
What are the latest gadgets?
How do drugs work in the organism?
What Flowers?
what race is closer of been killed like the jews?
what is the drug azitel used for?
what is 5 plus 2?
Why doesn't VAMP answer my email???
Any ideas to put on a cheerleading poster?
Who was your favorite Muppet?
What do these Tagalog text messages translate as?
i would like some information on broad beans?
do you think paris hilton is stupid?
Sun Tan lotion vs. no Sun Tan lotion?
for christians.....?
Did African americans begin slavery?
who the hell do you think yor talking to?
If a Republican is elected in '08....?
do u believen in Gay Marriage?
Shockwave Help????
i want to know why its so hard to sue an employer?
What is the time difference between London and New Orleans?
Should i go back to my ex?
What is your fave. winter activity?
6 kingdoms?
what is the best rss reader for a beginner?
Who thinks that war is the same as having a tea party?
Should convicted sex offenders be castrated?
How to prevent .pdf file copy?
How can i stop snoring?
Please Help: Would this hurt?
What are the best Bush, and Cheney lie's.?
How many points do I have to make to reach the top?
lease identify these circumstances and give an example of each.?
I am thinking of selling my website name and all?
Will Zarqawi's death have much effect?
How come the Army changes its slogan every year?
Why do birds suddenly appear.....?
how come i can no longer get you for a home page?
in nba, personal rebound and team rebound?
Can a For Profit Business Accept Donations?
who is christepher columbus?
Of Mice and Men by John Steinback?
hulk hogan?
How much does Ronaldo get paid?
did tupac predict the twin towers falling?
Why isn't George Bush a war Criminal?
What does the word bibwack mean ?
What would you consider to be the best rock song ever?
Who played a character named Terry Malloy?
Mudkip...wtf?
Are keyboards/synths making a comeback?
anybody know this song???
How can post office box numbers be verified as valid?
Who would u take with the 1st pick in the NBA draft?
Is there any negative impact of the food fortification program?
pete or  andie?
who sings the country song about  the buckaroo?
Welfare, what does it accomplish?
i need help.?
Are we a two star system with a burned out twin?
What is smoke made of?
How often are you supposed to poop?
OK is this right for the workplace and what can we do?
Mass of water?
what qualifications do I need to become a recruitment consultant?
What is the secret of the universe?
What are "ludes" (qualudes)?
So what do you think about the John Kerry incident?
Who has a birthday this week?
Top Matchmakers?
do all christians believe that the Jews killed Jesus?
Why is LIFE so hard?
How to get rid of a beehive?
How did Mitch Hedburg die?
how do you handle a guy?
This is driving me crazy!?
What is the violations in soccer?
What is the best college or university?
Where can I listen to Sweet love by 112 online?
Which city in China would be the best to study abroad in?
how do planets stay suspended in space.?
how much sleep should a person get everynight?
Open cervix and not PREGNANT?
i dont think a plane hit the pentagon?
What is Anant Chathurti?
Why do people always want to blame the VICTIM??
what is the best yo mama joke?
Any suggestions for bridal SHOES in NYC?
how do i get rid of fear to failure?
Is Valentines only for lovers?
do you agree sex before marriage?
Right or wrong? Artificial Spider Silk?
Population in Paris france, and modern day problems?
is the name sinah short for something else?
Is there a lawyer who can help me?
Who is The Best Asian Football Player?
what are the two names of the big rock in Northern Territory?
Is it just me?
What does RCAC mean?
are wwe weristling is show or real?
which class of senates just had their elections this month?
AMD Turion™ 64 vs Intel® Core™ Duo?
who are 10 famous ladies in sports?
doing CFP in INDIA any good?
What is the funniest thing in the World Cup?
topics of economic indicators?
About Periods...?
how does FIFA recruit their referees?
alternate energy such as solar and wind power?
Why do withces burn?
How do you order your Cold Stone Creation?
The new Hostel Movie?
Is it VD or TB?
Who explored America? And more...?
i need help on a Finance question regarding Future Value?
multiple choice----serious answers please?
what time is uk sundown in december?
What artists do you hate?
Rosetta Stone software?
Need to know why?
What was the highlight of your day?
whats youe favorite kind of music?
Do you think couples should be limited to two children?
is the banduria, has 6 strings??
what does it mean about a security setting?
How did the man die?
how do i get a picture?
Cashgames.com?
can crocodiles digest metals?
Which team do you think can beat Australian team in cricket?
Who is gong to win the World Cup 2006?
estimating the measurement of an angle?
Where can I find an about me list?
Why do people have the bird, turkey for thanksgiving?
How to get an EU passport for my wife?
Can a man drown in the fountain of eternal life?
on eticketing+sample page plzmail me?
Who is the fatest women in the world?
can you take nicorette with nitro-dur?
How to fight with african problems?
Ironclads of the civi war?
where do u like 2 shop?
Where can I go to relax my mind?
I'M Twenty-three!?
western digital vs seagate hard drives?
Electrician Question: what are Amps?
How do I set up a web form?
Aren't the American People to blame for Iraq?
write the reduction and oxidation half-equations for this cell?
wut do u consider cheatin?
Do you know any blonde jokes?
why are asians so SMART???
I dont believe in Human created boundries called nations.?
what is the longest word in the dictionary?
Calculus - Optimization problem?
need a good spell to take a curse off?
are they hate women?
How do you stay to work in USA?
Does a laser beam produce pure light energy?
installing ink in HPdeskjet5940 printer?
How long till I can trust him?
When is the latest you can fly when you are pregnant?
Does anybody miss the GOOD days of pro basketball???
Are we saved by grace alone or by our works?
Feeling suicidal. Any ways out?
those Online Dating services?
Into how many parts will five random planes divide space?
What is your idea aabout Irans nuclear Problem?
different folktales of Afro-asian literature?
How can I convince my parents to homeschool me?
Can you guess.....?
Is Hillary Clinton going to be the next President?
Who will win tonight? Mavericks or Heat?
Can anyone please tell me the answer for this math problem?
Caught my gf cheating what should I do?
Who is your favorite player in the NBA?
Campaign finance reform?
I might have a baby from a one night stand?
Help with Ghosts?
alphabetical list of us names?
Jehovah's Witnesses?
Do you really think that their is really a tenth planet?
Linux Vista?
Is Kobe making the Lakers lose?
can i install windows xp right on top of windows 2000?
why does my computer keep not responding?
what does the name ADCOCK mean?
What was the best country song ever?
what kind of girl are you looking for?
What European country is most open to immigrants?
How to ban someone from yahoo answers?
Will you sponser me?
What do you consider the most embarrassing thing would be in life?
How do I stop excessive yawning?
what countries make up the Caricom?
What is fantasy football?
Are tracts still published?
How do i find business plan competitions?
Can one Indian be a citizen of USA?
Whats the weight limit with tanning beds?
where is a good place to find free music on the internet?
Was Jesus the first person to rise from the dead?
What would it take?
How can we improve the quality of the teachers in high schools?
what is the value of pye?
How do you find out about skateboarding competitions and demos?
Am I the only one.....?
What is the mission-vision of Metro Bank?
Know of a free remote access website or program?
Corporal punishment... your opinion?
Should I sue my photographer?
respiratory organ of tiger?
gas law question?
Forgetting old credits?
Have you ever been insulted by someone without a reason???
favorite WWE match (dream?)?
How much to start a store front on ebay?
Are illegal aliens a part of your life and future?
Is linking to another webpage legal?
why do we wear underwear?
Question #6...?
Double Letter Riddle?
Where does your lap go?
Do the following two substances have the same pH value?
whats your favorite sex toy?
Genetic proof of homosexuality, can you deny it?
should i divorce over this?
why don't some women never get ugly?
Help for Rube Goldberg project?
Saddam Hussein?
examples of products that have been launched unsuccessfully?
waa comes next?
what do they mean?
There are some very good comedians on here!?
what is the answer to first in math fracitons?
How come no one takes me serial?
how do i make my acoustic guitar shiny?
is there anybody who can hire me in the USA?
internet explorer 7 problem?
why we live in that world?
What do you think about racial profiling?
Whats a morose?
What song cannot be played during a professional hockey game?
What is the purpose of our military?
If you took oxygen out of water would you get liquid hydrogen?
What does a girl really think?
Who was the lead singer of Kiss?
what is the speed of a space shuttle in mach?
what is the colour red in Spanish?
slimming pills..safety?
how can i see my 1967 graduate yearbook pictures?
flipping houses in connecticut?
Why don't our military leaders devise this plan??
Today is my birthday?
who should play Dirty Harry?
I'm goin to kick out my ex and her baby?
my fried has diabetes......?
is it wrong to sleep with en ex's friend?
Which is the famous canadian and why?
Where does dust come from? What is it made of?
What do you think about the quarterback for the Patriots?
who all likes cross canadian ragweed?
Work for HSBC/HFC???
Anyone ever quit their games for a bf/gf?
what is the meaning of the trinity knot?
if you're a virgin will  it hurt?
Illegal pharmacy technique?
Are you ok with a Live-in relationship?
what is another name for an earthquake wave? What are they?
Why laugh when you're nervous?
isnt this freaky...?
Laparascopy vs. Laparatomy?
Can ghosts harm you physically?
do u have dispresson????
Lyrics Lyrics Cat The Felix?
How can I buy my daughter a house without tax issues?
Do you pray?
what is a powder magazine?
What to do about a broken toe?
Does anyone know of a high school based home schooling website?
Can someone match the following French words to the English words?
Which  video card should I buy?
need help please?
types of research to do before publishing a magazine?
With What angular speed rotate & how much work?
What should I feel?
Question about irregular periods?
Intelligent Answers Missing?
Help! i have little bumps on my leg!?
define phisics.?
what is the basic requirements of Montessori school?
what do i do?
where can i buy a nike ice speed skating suit?
what are the benefits of owing a Condo vs a house?
Are Scorpions and Aquarians compatible?
Your opinion please?
how do football players get thier numbers?
What's the definition of amino acids?
Does speed through space = speed of time passing?
where can i find a list of 10 letter words?
Do you think so.....?
was he waiting for me to do the dishes??
Old stretch marks?
Help: what to write in the birthday card?
Is this sac-religious?
report of new 17 inch MacPro laptop?
the computer cant read the card reader/writer?
what is an etg test on a  drug screen?
Is there a Linux OS similar to windows?
pleas ehelp in physics?
Louis Saha or Robin Van Persie ?
Logic Question 5?
is it torino or turin?
Why do I cut myself?
have you heard of a musical called the pajama game?
How can you describe "disgust in a political way?"?
why aren't kids today taught morals or values??
ibm r51e problem?
what do u think about future of indian cricket team?
Is future made of virutal reality or virtual insanity?
what is the noise ordinance for akron ohio?
Can you fart in heaven?
Explain the difference between a photon and a quantum.?
Is this an acceptable dinner...?
Where does the name "Chloe" originate?
Are you currently wearing your clothes backwards?
if you have itcy hands does it mean you get money?
How many Yahoo! users are there in all?
Becoming a truckers fiance?
please tell me some iranian football site?
Why are navels different?
Still confused?
Who uses 9-11 more as a political prop?
Is it a good thing to loose weight by running?
who else feels this way?
Why is Canada a Moozlem country?
Why do evolutionists...?
are there any records that JC  was ever born ?
I Need Some Word Problem Help Please?
What is your answer for world peace?
Such a lot of pain?
What is the best preserving techquine for apples?
should i found a reality tv show about soccer?
Hey calling all real men?
Best wrestling Match?
Favourite musician?
In what era did the earth formed?
What does a salt decompose in to?
question about an eminem song?
Whatever happened to Rayanne Graf? Where is she now?
pork not allowed to eat in Islam but  other meat allowed why ?
how i get my music to itunes from ares?
How do you find the new questions on here so fast.?
Is Cheerleading a Sport?
Unattended Minor Flight?
Whats a bibliography  in this case?
Why does God hang out in prison?
what are some immigration problems faced by the U.S.?
Address for Jack Kent Cooke Foundation in Leesburg?
Who's the best?
waht do you do  on christmas day?
Can you stop me from being bored?
how can one reach Gspot orgasm?
How many cm is a girls vagina?
Am i a loser?
If the liberals did takeover....?
Dont you feel like a proud Mexican when...?
Which College do you Prefer to go to?
How do I get rid of my anxiety and depression?
Anyone know of any good ROM sites for N64?
what would cause a blood pressure to be 70/40?
what is the biggest interval between two prime numbers?
Diet...Help please?
What is your favorite Anime?
What are caricogenics?
Who does the voice over for FiveUS?
how see you the world after w buch?
hey what u think about a typical indian girl?
Someone tell me what to do!?
Can someone who quit high school in Texas return to finish?
is karl pilkington an actor?
How can I lose my spare tire?
Why are people so mean to others?
what happens when ur face catches on fire?
How do you clean your teeth when you have braces?
who can i raise my concentration?
why do people pray to god in heaven?
how do i get rid of coldsore scars ?
where I can find biography of Yoshio Kondo?
body image?
She tried to start a fight...?
would you rather be?
WIndows Movie Maker keeps crashing?
In your opinion, who was the worst President?
My pens is to short can i  enlarge it  ?
Should smoking be outlawed in America?
i have a math question on angles.?
Can anyone qualified in psychology explain this?
Hurt and abused 2.....?
WHO sings this song?!?!?
Are men just computers looking to plug in their hardrives?
why do we have children?
vb.net 2005?
any one interested in director shankar's next film?
How can I put yahoo mail in my outlook express?
Do you think that Dick Chaney is a good Vice President?
what would life be like without the preamble?
callisthenics activities?
How can I find out what school I got my GED?
Can you tell me some webhosting sites?
HElp me!!urgent?
fishing tips for northern pike in Ontario?
why are hurricanes most likely to emerge over land?
Math help?
guys I need your help?
Broadband gets slow mainly in evening time?
Qeustion about Marines?
Where are the new Guild guitars manufactured?
who discover the incubator?
what is the use?
False Tooth?
who win morales and pacquio fight?
Why flash doesn't work on myspace properly?
Where did the idea of superstitions come from?
do you know a website that you can watch tv on?
what makes it to slip?
how do i login ino im?
Office X for Mac and grammar check for foreign language?
Wrestling Dillema (sp?)?
Have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry?
how to write a thank you to put in paper after funeral?
whats the best sex scene in a movie ?
How can I slim my butt?
Java help?
who is the best foot docter?
how to be a migrant in greece?
is limewire expensive?
who here plays softball?
Why do women sit when they pee?
latest aol commercial?
what is the meaning of non hazardous waste?
who to start?
does he love me?
what is a hibernation?
is getting a boyfriend as easy as it sounds?
how old are you???
who is the most important person  in your life ?why?
rivers in france?
How has technology effected society?
What is the name of the dental specialist that treats jaw problems?
Are there any risks in working at  histopathology section?
What are some things you have heard about mormons?
Are these lyrics good? I am 13?
Visa denial to flight school students?WHY?
The Birds and the Bees Modern Version?
System by Substitution?
internet options?
what is a better brand?
what is the coldest area in the u.s?
How do i last longer in the sack!?
Has anyone had a near death experience with lightning?
CM18330/C3M Audio Driver?
Who is William Shakespere's patron?
what is the average American IQ?
what was the FIRST movie ever made?
Would you take your ex back after he left you three time?
Who is pascal?
What do you know about religion ISLAM ???
How many other shooting enthusiasts are here?
what change will there be when egg is in the stomach?
what is the biblical story of jonah and the whale?
Need advice thanks =)?
What is a F-word called in spanish?
Ideas for funny rhymes for leaving card UK?
How do you write a bibliography?
ur gfs past?
Do you watch the disneychannel?
show that 1387 is pseudoprime to base 2?
who will win the english championship playoffs?
con i gets some ponographic?
I need manga sites that have the manga 'Angel Sanctuary'?
how to make an electromagnet?
who is our favourite cricketer?
atlbrowser.exe?
What exactly is the offside rule in football?
What it means? "Kesna"?
looking for older model 3 wheel adult tricycle.?
Is it lets slag off black people nite or what?
why does sex feel so good?
what is hylam?
Where is Christopher Serrone now?
what is the meaning of food production?
what makes one think negatively in any situation?
Why do catholics believe these things?
How do you stop your goggles getting misty?
What Japanese Writing System Is Most Commonly Used In Japan?
FriendSHIP??
i need some advice.?
What is a crackpot?
listing of sex offenders?
Ipod how do i...?
meaning of fetishes?
smooth dogfish shark???
maybe puberty?
Where can I find a free blank baseball score sheet?
i know this is sick...?
low income appartments?
Textbook Learning & reviewing of notes?
Greatest English football player ever?
do you like my personality?
Daughter gave heirloom away.  Can I ask for it back?
why does a dirty fish tank turn greenish?
Does moving to a cold climate affect the hardware in your body?
Looking for the best deal on motorcycles.?
who is tony hawk's son?
What's your favorite sport?
please send intramuscular injecting pictures?
how do u spell chandillar?
who will be richest person in the future?
how to strengthen governments?
What do you want from Santa Clause this year?
The Departed  Song Questions?
how can i become a test driver for a car manufacturer?
where can i find out about battery assault criminals and there victims?
When it comes to love?
Vick or Kitna?
How are taxes withheld on someone with No social security card?
please ladys only answer this!?
Math related riddle?
What is "Law of mass action"?
who is bryce dallas howard?
Teenage Spots?
5x 5 10 for x=4 evaluate the expression?
what ingredients were avaiable during the Trojan War?
Which of the following solutions is more concentrated?
what do you do when you re bored???
what is data processing?
Do mammals need air to live?
How to study medical in the US?
how do you make this?
how much money I need to open a bar in Spain?
how do i set a background on myspace?
How many races at Talladega have run without a caution?
Anybody else hungover this morning?
what are the ways to cope with unknown stress?
Tautology... what is it?
Delaying period with the Pill?
are there pills to help me focus?
Were you ever unfaithful to your partner?
ABC's Six Degrees?
Adult ADD, how will they test me for this?
My Step Mom's gorgeous!! ?Help?
where to find free japanese characters?
How can I sign in without entering my ID and password?
where can i find statistics of cellular companies and rate of upgrades?
how do l get close to a girl l like.?
Has Gordon Ramsey got Tourette's Syndrome?
my web cam is blured?
Is peekvid.com Free?
How do you calculate a missing azimuth and length?
What else does exxon/mobil own?
Is kundalini yoga meditation good for westerners?
What is a foldyard?
How many years left for peak oil?
in your personal view, why there is life after death?
What does a Triple Heart By-Pass operation involve?
Muhammad or Jesus?
what is the nephlometer ?
What is the official site for FIFA 2006 world cup?
Americans: What did Bush FOR YOU?
What do you tell a girl?
What is  half-life of a radioactive element??
link me with the grammy awards web-site?
Is "Dora the Explorer" an illegal immigrant?
What tax deductions are there for public school teachers?
What is the salary potential of a banker?
What does STI stand for?
what is a quick and easy way to get tan?
Why am i breaking out?
what is the best way to live your life?
i NEED HELP!!!?
what happened on theER season finale?
Would you take a bullet for a stranger?
how does one cure body odour?
Anyone have any bachelorette party ideas?
how did pablo picasso die?
Is the Tour de France available live over the internet?
Do you think Urban Youth are Misunderstood?
need a song list of the top 100 hip hop music?
What is the FED?
Why did Dumbledore have to die?
which planet does not go into retrograde motion.?
what are my legal rights to regarding livestock entering my property?
What is the origin of the expression don't go there?
how do you grow mariguana?
why are my clippers so damn good?
i have a friend,but she always comments on my boyfriend?
Is it wise to defy the will of God?
how to make local chatting in karnataka.?
is an illegal speaks English should stay here?
what is cytolisis?
How does a HASP key work on a cd?
What do you all think this meant?
How many people will be alive in 3030?
Can anyone update me on the superman story?
Anyone has Flyleaf's new album yet?
Should women be prosecuted for using drugs while pregnant?
what was john lennon mother's name?
will the rock or bret hart ever be back?
What was your thanksgiving menu?
Why should i ask for help?
What is the most disrespected US state?
which mystery shops are legit?
i am14.!!!?
Does anyone know who sings "lay your hands on me"?
What do you want me to do?
can anyone tell me how I can begin the patent process?
What is the best P2P program?
Can a bonds man arrest you w/out any cause?
whats the best way to deal with pervs?
why are so many people cruel to each other?
what is 2n-11=3?
she thinks im mad at her?
Can men have multiples?
best friends lovers?!?!?!?
do not send me no more text messages any more!?
how do you get aids?
know how to fix a rototiller?
is computer engineering a good career?
how do I improve my language?
how  would i  find world war two abc book?
ielts is  compulsory for applying visa for uk?
What does "call to arms" mean in:?
what are some good ideas 4 a screen name?
why do ants build piles of ant heads?
What exactly is "case sensitive?"?
Where are the Penguins?
who is a person who builds a personal library as a hobby?
How would i apply for a visa for morrocco?
How do you become popular at school?
this witch would like a hand...?
I'm so frustrated and board please help?
celebrity?
who sings bread and bologna?
where can i find humorous poetry?
what is the life?
How old do you have to be to buy fireworks?
What Is Correlation and Cross Correlation?
Is It is ok to be sore after a hard workout?
Can you still go to college without a green card?
Can anyone help me with my sign as well?
What backup software do you use to BURN backup CDs?
Do Americancs feel more secure now than before invading Irak?
Have you ever had a cool boss?
Codes for phrases?
what is the scope and nature of political science?
Light pressure formula?
Does anyone know good Islamic Jokes?
Why do libby's complain about world hunger?
How old is The Lead Singer From P!ATD?
does anybody have bargain hunter game?
What is the difference between a Boat and a Ship?
Where are the Arabian Knights?
please math help?
Whats the difference between irrational and rational numbers?
Who else would die to meet the members of Green Day?
wat r some games for a good b day?
how do you simpley explain an opposite?
what should i do?...?
What does the U2 song "Sunday Bloody Sundy" mean?
which boarding school in kenya is rated the best?
What does it mean to freeze your credit?
a spanish boys name nacho for short?
Someone please help the computer illiterate?
GOD IS REAL right?
Will they show the Football World Cup in Thailand?
how are land animals different from sea animals?
why is my goldfish dead?
A website With funny pics and videos?
what are the requiments for these schools?
Please describe a phosphodiester bond.?
how can I make a hypothesis of making water colder with salt?
IS Iran going to beat portugal?
any poems???
who thinks Mickie James deserves being the womens champion?
Is royalty recognized in Hungary, e.g., Countess?
how can we all can get rich?
Will I ever meet miss right?
Sticky Family situation...Sis needs advice?
What do you think about premartial sex?
what does 'ipod' mean?
Would you ski in Bulgaria over France and Why?
what is your idea about the women in iran?
who likes the movie called When A Stranger Calls?
I can't open gmail?
what is the tallest snake in the world?where is it?
How many of you are drinking an alcoholic beverage right now?
Do you wish they could all be Californian girls ?
can salt disolve in water? If so, How?
Is it wrong?
looking for dominos that teach order of operations?
SAP anyone?
Was the Iraq War necessary or a war of choice? Why?
Anyone have any suggestions on the hot spots in Atlanta, GA?
ETF's or Mutual Funds?
who is / owns mmgolf.net?
How do you start a Horse Boarding Business?
What is the value of zero?
What movie is this quote from:?
What courses do you have to take to become a loan broker?
who is the oldest person in the world?
tutorial site for ms excel?
who has the weirdest questions on this site?
Why do gurls gossip so much and are so messy?
What do guys like to be called....?
english and dinosaur?
To those who have served over seas?
where can i see very hot pics of soccer players?
When should I go to the doctor  if I have a cold?
fighting to end spousal support in Ventura Co. California?
How to obtain a job on a cruise ship?
Was explorer Tony Benlk real or fictional?
BC or Wake Forest?
can anyone tell me next weeks lottery numbers?
Then siblings have the same DNA?
What are some good information security (infosec) websites?
wheres a good free teen dating site?
help now please!?
delete myspace?
Is it okay if you dont wear a helmet when riding?
What 3-letter word ends with "ta"?
what are this weeks winning powerball numbers going to be?
are chinese better in math?
Program flowcharts converted to pseudocode?
how are light and sound alike?and how are they different?
how do u get rid of a fever?
how so you cope with missing your love?
what is a usual highschoolers bedtime?
what is SAS clinical trials?
Are there any gay NBA basketball players?
why this world is so full of s***?
What´s the name of this song?
How tall was Seabiscuit?
What makes a Guy Cute ??
Just another question?
Who looks more like Jensen Ackles?
Career in financial planning?
What's Your Traditional Thanksgiving Dinner Menu?
Ascii signs as Msn screen name???
what is atomic spectra?
Teen Titans?
Wheres has SIMS snowboard website gone?
Who here hates NFL network?
What requirements are needed to buy a handgun in Minnesota?
Who loves you?
Is it true that Bush implemented warrantless wiretaps?
i weigh 89 pounds and i am 16 am i fat?
How do you make money on the Internet?
why are flowers so bright?
How many people are living on Earth at the moment?
Birth Control and "Monthly Visitor"?
foreign policy of usa from1990 till 2006?
Are dentists doctors and are they as respected as physicians?
Is there an herbal remedy for carpel tunnel syndrome?
How do I ask a hot blond out?
Brown Spots on Toddler?
how many goals does pele score in his career?
What are the rules of basketball?
how do I find gold clubs of kingman az.?
Do you believe that the Immaculate Conception was the Virgin Birth?
Most haterd person in the world?
what arrangment will fit?
can anybody help me find modified road asphalt composition?
descripe bank's directors duties.?
USA and The World Cup?
i want to know more about sex?
Who sings the song 'What a Feeling' from Flashdance?
Girls what do you think of guys who dress like punks?
*  What countrie start basketball ..?
Sarbanes Oxley for Dummies?
why shall i believe that god have a son?
how can i open the image file?thank you?
Running a fever - 102.0, to be exact.?
what is methylphenidate hydrochloride?
Which way should i sleep?
do you smoke your cigarettes in your mouth or you nose?
Does anyone else see 37 all the time?
Is an SAT score of 1770 okay?
What do you think of long distance relationships?
gaming software developers?
why people get sex?
My partner works for a Sociopathic Bully?
what do you if a computer "goes down" in business?
paypal help?
Why society rejects sex workers and deny their human dignity?
what is the reality of life in todays world of living?
I can help with affordable health insurance in Las Vegas?
At what age to people start to hate?
Social Stuies..Again?
what antidepresants work best?
How Did Misha Barton Die On The OC?
How could I become someone like Jane Goodall?
what is a signature style?
What percentage of your dreams are nightmares?
In what year did Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day get married?
how old is eric dickerson?
What are the general problems faced by a girl after marriage?
what happens when an auto is reposessed?
The State of Iowa obtained this on December 28, 1846?
A man goes to his Doctor?
how to connect multiple routers?
Is it possible to cancel my mortgage escrow?
How far can a shout travel?
any cancers out there?
does weed affect your brian?
what three things do electronic hardware devices need in order to function?
what is a virgin?
How do I get a auto loan?
Bright student, finding AS levels exam practice difficult.?
What did YOU learn from high school?
Can you answer this math question ASAP?
What is infentago? How do you get it?
What is your visualization of HEAVEN?
What is a abstraction speech?
Why is there still a public fear of Nuclear Power Plants?
what are the different styles of boxing and describe them?
pictures of hindu clothing?
what does "gmail" mean?
J.R.R Tolkien or C.S. Lewis?
Has this also been happening just accidentally?
Does anyone have any info on Stan Lee?
Who win tworld cup of soccer?
Will it still really be America if Newt has his way?
how do I uninstall yme?
What is Wootness?
Is poo and wee poisonous?
Picking up a girl next time!?
What is the best pain relief from a bad sunburn?
What fun things can I do in Peru? See? Eat?
are screen savers of any use with a laptop computer?
Has 9/11 been Bush's little black dress?
How long (distance) is the New York Marathon?
In which time period did humans first appear?
Who is the governor of New York?
Is the ocean effected by volume?
What is 1/6 of a pizza..?
which is the funniest name in you family?
how to write letters of Recommendations?
How do I know if my teen is gay?
what are the good mastering and mixing music techniques?
can someone help? your suppsed to graph it?
what are some good party pranks?
what are your favorite hobbies?
why can i not make a pre booked appointment with my doctor?
Cinderella Man?
what continent boost the most abundance in natural resources?
what is so wrong with gold teeth?
what will happen if one took fifty piritons?
How are ionic and covalent bonds alike?
How to be more masculine?
Have Republicans?
Why LTTE kill innocent people?
What Is "Welcome to the Black Parade" about??
How was it like in your school?
Americans, why all the presumptions?
how do i cure a sore throat?
What's an orthocenter?
functional department of icici bank?
How do bureaucrats influence the work of Congress?
why is the Bunny important to the easter holiday?
What is the big problem with gay marriages?
how do you bring someone back to life?
formula to figure gallons of water in round vessel.?
Trying out for Freshman Basketball?
My boyfriends short!?!?!?!?
can you give me a list of banks that are only online?
i need an animal poem?
What is meant by primary care?
How Do You Formulate Potassium Laurate?
Does any one here thank clint bowyer rocks?
can i have some peoples e-mails to talk to?
Please Answer...do you believe that love really exist?
please show me sex picture.?
How can I safely introduce my girlfriend to anal sex.?
where is Honolulu?
Is it possible to demagnatize a magnet?
I have a question, please be honest! Any comments.?
name this movie ang get points?
Guys can you see a gold digger coming?
list the moons of saturn?
How can I make my own website?
i need guy help!?
weather the earth has less gravity at centre?
Like Buck Cherry? Rate this video?
Any Legolas lovers out there?
Name of Christmas alblum from 1970's?
Is King Kong well hung?
Anyone think Fergie from the BEP is hott?
What makes a Rainbow in the sky?
Law School?
Country music lovers only.....?
What is the defination of "ballyhoo"?
what is testosterone?
How can you begin a petition for your state?
Do you like it when a guy wears  a pink shirt?
Gift wrapping an ornament?
are there any doctors/paramedics here...?
what is optical?
who's hotter?
why cant i get a college course on die making?
what is the story on the ghost rider movie?
Have a lump on my back?
Why do people make fun of people who are from West Virginia?
looking in texas need help?
What are some important issues in Africa today?
should I run or save  when downloading a program?
Can anyone recommend a good DNA lab?
why did god seperated me from the boy i love?
Is there always an aftershocf after an earthquake?
Is there a song with your name in it?
Is Limewire legal to use?
have you ever feel dissapointed of yourself..?
What was the pennsylvanian epoch?
Are you racist?
In a Democracy a country must separate church and state right?
Should United States government policy favor certain kinds of immigrants?
I'm confussed on this problem?
Why is American obsessed with Heroism?
biggest car?
Do you think people should go to jail for not paying taxes?
how do u know when someone is cheating?
zolpidem tartrate i.r data?
Does full frontal nudity do much for the imagination?
mothers and babys?
chinese actors in us?
What gives you the best adrenalin rush?
What is the real color of our blood?
Do you think Korn is the best band ever?
what is a definition for the mathematics word mean?
i m a virgo whats ur sunsign ?
does anyone?
What is the first instance of gay rights?
how do i get real player songs onto i tunes?
Are Americans working according to the instructions of Jews?
what is the benefit of soya milk?
my brother?
Is The Mall of Georgia's Ice Rink open?
why do we have school?
vaginal pain and dryness?
will i get state 1st in 12th?
where can can i find the latest private equity news?
Should Students be Reading the Work Of William Shakespeare?
why are parents always telling us what to do?
How do endocrine glands control the body chemistry?
where can i continue my studies after spm?
Which team do you think will win the fifa world cup?
what is eric blair's writing style?
stoneface band?
DO you believe in the Big Crunch?
what are the skills used in softball?
Should New York City be its own state?
Is it just right to do it?
how do u get a boy to like u?
is indian education good?
how i can clear view recently blocked pop-ups?
How can you improve the satisfaction level of both customer and supplier?
top 5 shares in india for the year 2006?
Is there such thing as love at first sight?
Who are you more afraid of; America or Iran?
what do u think about american idol?
Are there risks for elderly  taking pneumonia shots?
Career choice?
Why are Japanese and Koreans so different?
HELPPPPPPPPPPPp?
about PhD?
What is a health/medical issue that is not addressed properly?
Ways to increase the humidity  in the home?
Where can I find swords for cheap?
HOW DO U GET RID OF ACNE?
This guy asked me out what do I say?
Can anybody give me a site for downloading video songs?
list the greatest indian  songs and from what films?
what do girls talk about when they are together?
why do i keep getting dizzy?
why does seven ate nine?
eight, four...ten...?
Do you believe in signs???
are girlfriends really worth having most of the time?
What does HOOTCHIE COOTCHIE mean?
Thin hair like clouds.is what?
im pretty lost here.?
i forget my goback password?
what is the advantage of being in level two?
Would you like to participate in an important e-Symposium?
my boyfriend and i have broken?
How Much is £5.00 GBP?
Why do women love anal s**?
What do the judges do.....?
what is the shortest day of the year?
how to configurate wireless internet connection?
Who do you think will win the SuperBowl?
what is the desirable traits of the scientist?
What is the biggest stronghold that is bruising your faith?
Describe Great Britain in the late 1700s?
Do you think my avater is hott?
how do i get my own website?
Who is known as "the Divine Ponytail"?
Two Famous Jewish People?
Anyone know any good sights for free Sunday School lessons?
farewell party....?
Can Adobe Audition remove vocals from mp3 file?
what is sex?
how to shave the face  without leaving agents?
Need to know about linked genes to variation. Genetic?
where can I buy the first FMA tin?
STUPID warning lables?
How do you express 27 in index form?
fine out what a coin is worth?
are the iraqi team in the world?
where can I find dba dissertation abstracts?
When will the buzz end?
do you think community serve will help get in to college?
Logos Vs. Sophia What do you think?
how can humans assist in the increase of rainfall?
Long Live Scorpions!?
Has anyone ever heard of Martin Luther?
Clock hands?
what is  the plural form of her/his.?
find tutorials on artificial intelligence?
how many free wifi hot spot in modesto ?
What kind of disease affect your lungs and how?
can u complete this ..8 T on a O?
Did anyone like "Inside man" with Denzel Washington?
Plz help?!!!?
what is triac called as??????
why does gas have pressure?
what class was reckless driving in 1985?
Why are LIBERALS Anti-American?
What was the best 80s band that never got airplay?
Is there ne one here that is bisexual?
Help me with these problems.?.?
What do you know about steroids?
Making magnet?
salvation army?
What job should I get?
weather selection?
What does Marijuanna do for you?
What is the name of the planet where we live?
Be honest, would you ever consider?
cyber sunday?
How do I send cash from Brazil to the USA?
does anyone know what aggravated theft means?
What are the four major functions of animals?
Why does a real transformer lose some of its power?
What movies are ok for young children to watch?
whats the best way to clean drugs out of your system?
Who will be captin for italy in the world cup?
whats the earliest age can you walk home after school?
What is a name you have been called on Y Answers?
Are you friendly with the neighbours?
Why sports?
Wat was tha name of tha song??
Best R&B singer??Thanx?
Shouldn't I know the truth???
Arsenal or Barcellona for the CL?
Which team is better - Ferrari or Mclaren ?
Depressed?
what u know about face washes?
What does 'trading in personal information' mean?
Who knows a virtual studing website with many ebooks?
How to convert VCD to DVD faster?
What is Mortgage Reversal?
Pain in right side of cheat and shoulder, numb right arm?
estate planning sites?
What came first the chicken or the egg?
married in 2 states a problem for divorce?
what is another word for stewardesses?
Bill Clinton- Why soooo Many ?'s?
how can I open my thoshiba laptop in safe mode?
WWE's Pay Per Views??
Do Atheists have  FAITH that Science is right?
What should I say??
if you could go back in time?
What were the military results of the crusades?
a question for christians?
Were cartoons from our childhoods better than today's?
How do you pop a cherry?
How long will I live?
which are the continents on the globe?
A-t-on retrouvé Carrew?
Is mankind destorying the earth?
What type of Magnetic material is plastic?
is butylene glycol an organic compound?
what is chromatography?
For the thinking minds of our forum.?
what are the different classes or names of aliens  on earth?
Is kissing on the 1st date appropriate?
Who wins a bet if neither person was completely right?
how do you treat children with toxic mold?
why do woman get an abortion?
what does a guy expect from a girl??
Who is gonna be the MVP of the NBA this year?
How do i recover my password?
Does anyone understand physical science?
do you think bush's spy program is legal?
What is the advantage of BEM over FEM?
Is there any difference between a prostitute and money hungry women?
use of mathematics in computer?
Network/ Windows XP questions...?
Funny Riddle?
Can a 16yr old be sued in australia?
desperate...help please?
Should Mark McGuire be inducted to the Hall of Fame?
What color is love?
Why are Mac computers at less risk from viruses?
loveyoume@isbt.com.br?
Is illegal labor really cheap?
A question about being jewish...?
how a magnetic needle will rest at north pole or south pole?
What is the life cycle for a Deep Sea Viperfish?
Why did Montreal give up on the Expos?
How do you age brown paper???
desfine theism?
What Was the Biggest Upset in Sports History?
Finding a date?
How many years for France to get the second world cup ?
How to Spice up our lovemaking?
how do you block a sender from yahoo email?
at what temp celsius does h2o freeze?
is there a "traditional" 30 year anniversary celebration or present?
What does Natassia mean?
Who in here is graduating this year? When?
where the tuffel hundin at?
Why is activity definition the first process involve in project time management?
Star Wars as a religion?
A Reliable PR Company?
a real question for Atheist only.?
Does is cost money to fax?
how many college in ireland ?
Definition of General Pathology?
how do u take off you last name off your messenger?
what is a superfecta bet in horse racing?
what are the five most used letters of the alphabet?
does anyone know who circassians are?
What are the four fundamental forces?
Will bonds beat babe?
Internet Explorer does not save favorite sites?
who thinks i should go home?
Can you eat peanut butter or nuts on Atkins?
Can you show me an example of an hypothesis?
Do you ever feel like you are past your heyday?
Is there racial profiling in the US?
Da Vinci Code?
when did ADSL first start???
Can Native Americans grow beards?
Do you have any  Chat rooms for over 40?
anyone noes any application?
Is Mg + EDTA spontaneous?
who do you think will win  the world cup??
How do female soldiers relieve themselves while on missions?
Whats the best way to clean a dry erase board?
Sexual education in kindergarden?
How many of you loved the Germany Argentina game?
What does ROFL stand 4?
are work at home things a rip off?
if you die in a drem will you wake up?
what are the 3 types of yo-yos?
Are magnetic trainers good for ordinary cyclists?
How much does a U.S.Senator make?
Quadratic theory?
How can I get really toned abs?
question about the lake house?
why am i horny when i'm hungover?
i am trying to find concerts in california?
I am in Texas...?
what does  indentification mean?
does anybody know if you can fish in Mexicali?
Anyone Ever Remember Seeing A Movie Called The Lottery?
How did sports in the 1950s change american culture?
is alkaline a heavy metal?
This is a statement more than a question?
summary of A bad Spell for the Worst Witch.?
Anyone heard DARE?
How do you make friends?
is there an ansewer to every question?
do over Do you like the artwork of my car?
What percentage of Military wives cheat on their husband while deployed?
whats the best way???
What is the safest place in California and why?
Is Athabasca a good online college?
What's the real name of Stacy's mom?
How to tame a lion?
Do ppl think fat girls can't get men?
National I.D. card, what do you think?
a topic that deals with electricity?
is it a good thing?
Is financial aid free?Do you have to pay it back?
who was the comander of the US Army in Vietnam?
Would you have found OJ guilty ??
wat is epidymo orchitis?
are there any programs in schools to fight unwanted sexual advances?
Are Americans least intelligent of all developed countries?
what's the sexiest thing you can thing of?
Should George Bush be TRIED for TREASON?
Do I have issues or is it in her head?
olympic past,question?
A funny gift for a new relationship.?
what do you all think about high fat diets?
What was ur favorite childhood Christmas toy?
Would you ever tell you boss like it is?
What is the melting poing of a rock?
what do people look for at garage sales?
what's a  CSI Coordinator at a car dealership?
what is a data disk?
What is Language arts?
i urgently need to change my job?
Solve equation?
holy jebus?
Can two different people have the same IP number?
united states government?
How do I transfer VHS and DVD onto my computer?
Who here thinks that Paris Hilton sux?
Which has greater resistance...?
From your understand, who are the Refugees?
How do I get permission to use a copyrighted image?
what is incandescent bulb?
Whats the best team in College Football?
Any Last Positive Words Before I Go?
What is the biggest city in the world?
What do you think about Zionism?
Another Question for atoms?
What happened to america?
isolationism?
Is there anyone here from NYS?
"how do you save an image as a vector file"?
How to reduce Thyroids releases in the body?
sexual relationships?
What do you love about soccer(football)?
how do I convert 25.00 CDN to US dollars?
Any one ever competed or been to a tough man competition?
hip hop dancing web sites???
Who is Donald Trump? He is an estate developer?
incest thoughts adic?
protecting my house from vandalism?
How can I find an old pen pal from USA?
Moms out there can you help please?
What is the best university in the world?
who do u think will win da world cup? and why?
how did William Avery bishop contribute to Canada as a country?
The bible, is it for real???
what sites can i find some unique myspace layouts??
what is price baiting?
why do friendships crumble over time?
How do I defrage my computer?
Can midol be taken with prozac?
When did rave parties begin?
What is meant by Jigisha(its a name)?
Do you NEED a lawyer to get a divorce?
Can I still vote if I've lost my registration card?
Best guitarist???
Why can't paris hilton stand up straight?
what forces case that the vernal point motion?
What type of mixture could be separated using paper chromatography?
muscle meniacs?
Are eye exercises effective?
what causes you to wanna sleep all the time?
condomns is really 100% safe or not?
who was george washington before the war?
why did god name them Adam and Eve?
what is the parameter of selection in team india?
Burmese HELP!!!?
where do you get free downloadable music?
what do you think of Malcom X?
what is the best gurls name and boys name ?
Which country do tanned blonde girls come from?
cheerleading tryouts...?
What do u think of Basketball?
whats the result for this match?Iran or Mexico?
Is it worth to just get an Associates in General Studies ?
How do u know if your afraid of commitment?
How do I keep myself fit and healthy?
Would you consider someone that participated in the 1984 Olympics a celebrity?
how do i talk to this girl???
WHy WHY WHY!?
t-type boron nitride?
can someone spy on my laptop offsite?
How many miles is the radius of the earth?
I need to find 1995 Max Muscle Naturals results?
how many cities are named athens in the united states?
Trade Deadline.?
What is your favourite sport?
why is it so hard to find genuine sweet guys?
Is there a site that gives details about specific genes.?
Should I call again or wait for her to return my call?
why do your eyes burn if you dont sleep?
What is the best College Football Conference?
do you still speak to someone after a one night stand?
Is ECW over rated?
Does anyone know how Peggy became a nickname for Margaret?
Where to find texas professional inspector exam?
Is Jesus related to Santa Claus?
broken phone jack on laptop?
integral of   x2^(x^2)?
Dont you think its funny?
how many times can you give for playing basketball a day?
What's mean mspx(programming language)?
Who owns phone number 1-800-415-3044?
Hey, please solve this riddle fast!?
is there really anyone for a 13 yr.old?
Who loves Jack Johnson?
Birth of a star....?
Whoes going 2 score the 100th goal?
What is the best way to develop grip/forearm?
I have a stupid but serious question?
Who here plays the violin?
Why are families choosing to simplify their life style?
how do i find business name from the 1960s?
infamous Beckham Halfcourt Shot ~_^?
what does ONG mean?
what is the definition of electron cloud model?
What do you like most about living in this country?
i need to reformat my computer?
Any opinions on Cox Exterminators in Baltimore, MD?
how can i  lose stomach fat?
spell cow in 15 letters!!?
Why do people follow the Bible?
what is effective communications equal opportunities in the support of learners?
What nebula formed the Sirius star?
What is the quickest you  have had sex with someone,?
what is the pH of the lactic acid?
Superpowers !!!?
What flashes very bright at the same time every other afternoon?
spysheriff serial?
I want to move back overseas?
war supporters....?
Women Only!!!?
how can i gain weight?
what is the difference between a reliable and credible statement?
Where can I get cheerleading championship tickets?
Hey, what's up?  What did you do today?
Is being Gay a gift from Mother Nature to the world?
what is the best way to lose lower belly fat?
why use kelvin scale for gas laws?
Is Britain too soft - Crime, immigration, etc?
Where can i get a pressure gauge????
problems with my mom?
i want exampls for projects?
does anyone suffer from depersonalisation in the United kingdom?
this question concerns my mothers health?
how do u know your boy friend really loves you?
how do u make a flash bomb?
Why does everyone use Avatars?
which power rangers season is best?
What is the name of this website?
How long do the spots associated with chicken pox last ?
what is winfunc.exe?
concerta/adhd?
Oakland Athletic's & GM Friday night give away?
Am I the only Aussie here?
what do old people when they get horny?
How do I remove http: addresses from my computer?
lakers trivia game?
Favorite color?
whats a quarter after twelve?
why  i came to USA?
what is Transcendent Innovations Proof?
hi, does this sound ok??
Why do Christians always fall back on the Faith word?
write your opinion about the Truman Show?
Do you have a best memory of going to summer camp?
any other  Naruto fan's?
Does anyone live in Austin Texas?
do liberals have thin skin or what?
Christians and Halloween?
why is nasa cloaking comet temple impact in secrecy?
what influence math has on marketing?
soap scum making?
what does ali boomaye mean?
Does she like me?
SOUL PAIN? How did you cope?
raja bell is suspended?
What's your favorite song by Eddie Money?
proffesional animation related to chemistry?
does Kasey Kahne have a girl friend?
how can I make my pals understand that god is real?
what does means by pros and cons?
Who will win the Men's NCAA Tournament?
throw it in toilet  can woodticks swim?
What is that song????
What is the biography of J.C. Packer?
Why is my download speed so slow and i have broadband?
Hello.  Anyone good with credit card debt? Help!?
Can women love be sincere, without cheating and lies?
Who here dosent care about the down fall of America?
What's a good, nutrious breakfast ceral?
empolyment?
Where can I find fanged dental mouth guards?
do boys like......?
What are some good bass Rap Songs?
what is a tip for being a cheerleader?
Could i have a picture of  horoscopes all together?
Why is my TIF grainy?
How do I get enthused about something?
What is a Cell phone broker?
how to insert ASCII characters in yahoo id?
suppliers of ELECTRIC MOTOR?
how many siblings did Jesus have?
how can I create un URL?
marry problem?
Is love at first sight mean love or lust?
how long should the break last for?
What is your level of education?
y=mx+b? and graphing?
What are the 4 layers of TCP/IP ?
How did bodybuilder Laura Combs die?
why start your own charity?
what sign if our lover is the right person?
Can you give me some good resume tips?
Who will win their fathers riches?
Are the hiccups contagious?
How does an atom bomb work?
pictures of ancient cosmetics?
Riddle time is now?
Where can you livestream hockey for free?
what is the word equation and the chemical  equation for ammonia?
I am confused and drunk right now.  Should I retire?
what product can I use to stop getting bumps on my face?
would you ever make a porn film with someone you knew?
Did Gerald LeVert really die?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
