What is your favorite sport?
my mom is cool?
question for smokers or those who've tried?
What gift should I give?
Think about it.?
Ninjutsu classes?
What are the conditions in which yeast can function well?
Knuckle cracking?
Where to get a multi monitor trading station computer?
Are ctracts through e-mail valid contracts?
Will America attack Iran ?
campus security jobs in southern california?
Why do American men wanna marry Asian girls?
what schools offers master degree in child psychology around New York?
Molly Brown - Titanic?
where does mustering/droving originate?
Does Mother's Milk Combat Cancer?
is it necessary to remove pubic hair before having sex?
Have you ever used chastity for sex?
find thenname of the element that has 36 proton?
What's your fav gymnastics event?
Is there any way to change the look of Internet Explorer?
hate myspace.com?
have you ever experienced love at first sight????
barometer reading kowhst afghanistan??
how do i get rich?
Dual Channel Memory using all 4 slots?
What are some childrens rounds and canons?
If any websites available for learning english?
What is the opposite of Q in the alphabet?
Why do religious people....?
best ISp provider for london area?
does smoking affects a singer`s voice?
how can i make my booty bigger?
Humidity and migraine?
A Mechanical Engineering student that needs advice?
So, Does breaking the law makes someone a criminal?
Is the proper baseball position term back catcher or bat catcher?
Stenosis of the spine. Operation of any value ?
is any body esle gunna die on gh?
How did Joseph Proposed to Mary?
what do lightning bugs eat?
Name something TOTALLY free.?
What is meant by "BOOTING" ?
what are the effects of workers comitment on productivity?
Would you buy something from this site???
Proof of resurrection?
Why wont my cuts Heal!?
Asking Out?
How do you find an acting agent ???
Should Turkey join european union?
Same question, different category?
What has happened with the Band from making the band 3?
Mid 19th Century Reformers?
Hall of Fame?
What profession should I pursue? See details. thanks?
What is the best hotel to work in ?
my deal had sore on it is that normal?
how do jets make lines in the sky?
how long does an ex president keep their secret service?
What is a good laptop to buy for recording music on?
why do people like to say cusing words?
Does anyone know if the namedatabase is a safe site?
who is a best friend ?and who is the best lover?
What is the meaning of life?
angelina jolie or jessica alba?
interview questions in manual testing?
Don't you think?
what the great thing i should give to my bf?
What is the movie "The Patriot" about?
What is Phosphorus a soild or a gas?
Butt Exam?
Where do i get the best free scholarships?
i need some info on some software?
history of chords?where chords came from?
Do people really think is possible to deport twelve million people?
how do you whiten teeth fast and under 20 bucks?
How can I skip this month's mentrual cycle?
where can i report insurance agricultural scams,fraud?
Where did the mammals came from?
inuyasha??
what is the age to get into yahoo chat rooms?
What do u know about working of human heart ?
free bollywood video songs and trailers?
How do I go from mL to moles?
What is MediCal? Can anyone apply for it?
Help with a game?
How do you think the modern world will end?
What should my Display name on myspace be?
hey? who r u?
Which is the worst juvenile detention center in Miami?
is this true????
does stem cell research come from abortions?
wat do u want to be after five years?
What band wants Chris Daughtry?
how do i not sweat even with deorent on?
Ortega! Are the communist taking over south America?
where can i make my own profile?
do NBA players wear new uniforms every game?
property tax relief in state of Mass?
I'm having trouble with flash coding?
is it true love even thou may husband has another girl?
what should i do?
How do you tell a girl you like them. online?
is bush a good president??
what (see details)?
How to I find the cheapest mortgage?
what are the benefits of the invention of nylon?
Disturbing or not?
why is the sky blue?
Baseball Fans (Especially Mets Fans)?
What is Forex?
What do you think?
r u in volly ball?
anyone know pig latin?
How much have u exposed with Malay Language?
im an idiot, why do i ask idiotic questions?
What is Teenbuzz Ringtone?
Will the Colts go 16-0 this year?
My friends are so negative towards my husband!?
is any 1 looking for a person who?
wireless link keep breaking?
Masturbate...?
what is the difference between 2000 & 2003 exchange server?
My Network or CW?
want 2 do friendship wid me?
how did the car races started?
What are the preliminary steps to take before separating from your spouse?
Pirate Ranks?
Holy books?
why cant i verify my email address on msn?
What number am I thinking ?
What can youdo to help relieve eczema?
who is hotter?
How often do you have sex in a 'normal' relationship?
Processor or Ram???
oxycontin what do it do to you body?
i need support from a legal person someone who cares?
who is going to win today heat or pistons?
what is the real problem between usa and iran ?
sample of mathematical saying?
Who was the Trojan War between?
hey this ones for the guys!!!!?
i think he likes me?
palming the ball?
Eastenders.  Stacey acts like Ruby?
how do i get a job in voice overs for cartoons?
what do u have to do to become a tattoo artist?
no fee required  i want free download on movies?
Question about force of ejaculation?
Lot of Money?
is it normal to feel like divorcing after fights?
explain hooke's law?
Should I run away or go to the cops?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What do the Dixie Chicks think about Patriotism?
Who to start? Cooley or Daniels? TE?
How soon is too soon to date a widower?
how to survive in war?
who is the best player player in real madrid?
How does Japan hold so many people?
where can i find a actual pink viola???
Can you have a GF that lives ocean away?
What is adeno-tonsillar hypertrophy ?
do u think wisdom is too high for a fool?
is there life on mars?
which spice girl is David Beckmam's wife?
Are you someone who is for legalization of drugs?
What is the best site on the web to find old friends?
Parametric Equation of parabola?
What is reverse marketing?
how is a japanese kiss?
Where is room 416 located in East Burke High School?
Do you really rest during your holidays?
Explain theory of relativity.?
how best can one tell a girl he loves her?
What distinguishes facilitated diffusion from active transport?
Is WEP or WAP better for security?
How do I stop ants nesting in my kitchen?
Do you liked Mihai Traistariu at Eurovision 2006?
im too overweight?
Do you think English/British Accent is sexy?
will they forgive me?
Can someone help me with what language to take?
Dale Crover?
thanksgiving?
who is the lazy person who is on The OC?
Suggest me a name for?
la france est-elle la terre promise?
Where did Jesus get crucified?
Will losing weight make my muscles smaller?
How do I find out how to write someone in prison?
wireless network'?
Where can I get famous people e-mail addreses?
Who doesn't like free points?
How hard do you usually sneeze?
Okay so how many of you feel?
Alice, what's the matter?
How do we have to study?
brithish rule and its impct on subcontinent?
why does shi* stink?????
American, what if we held an election and nobody came?
how can i find cheap  website?
How many languages in the world are there these days?
looking for a poem?
Why is Rumsfeld a bargain basement Idiot.?
What is your biggest fear?
help me plz?
how do i make a model of the lungs?
how long is a normal orgasmus?
What disturbs you most about Oedipus Rex?
Why does America keep prisoners on death row so long ?
how do I convert protein concentration to molarity?
Where can find student exchange travel programs?
On TV the other day......?
what is an...?
Who do you think will win in Virginia?
Are bulls partially colored blind, or fully color blind?
Where the ball used in world cup made from?
How do you figure out how many WPM you type?
What is 16/12th?
looking for Eric Woy. Does anyone know him?
Where are limestone caves found?
How do you borrow money from paypal?
Gas mileage?
how old is George, the guy that sings Talk To Me?
What are the effects of exercise in the muscular system?
Christians - what really convinces you that there is a God?
What sort of animal are the Canary Islands named for?
heart failure?
why is the stock market playing in a mad way?
Do you like Law and Order?
Let me just ask...?
who is the best wrestler of all time?
What's the most romantic song you can think of?
Which team will become the second at the world cup finals?
Career Receiving Leader For The RAIDERS?
what does elevated creatine in kidneys mean?
the neatest city in Asia?
how is the question not why. would you agree??
free tutorial lessons on autocad 2000?
what is the contact number for home office work permits uk?
Conversion of 24 bit RGB image to Grey Scale?
what does "bandwith limit exeeded" means?
how do you dehydrate an orange?
when will charlie haas return to wwe?
What Am I?
How can i make my penis more rigid?
Why do men have more body hair than women?
importance of a nursing care plan?
Combustion Reaction Question?
what is all matter made up of .?
when was the great fire of london?
What do you think of this idea?
what are the disadvantages of coffee?
Do anybody or organization want to make investment oversea on education?
who are the top 10 rushers in NFL football?
can anyone translate this SPANISH for me?
Should i dump my bf??
is Torri Higginson married?
what music style is your favourite?
what is efficiency calculated by?
Online Courses?
Does anyone have a name for whatever it is I have?
where ali karimi playing?
What is a good first date for two people that just met?
WWE? (wrestling)?
Have you ever suffered from.......?
anyone need answers to kidney transplants?
For a Muay Thai Class, Does This Sound Good?
what changes do real madrid need to do for next season?
Any "Your Momma Jokes"?
For the first time in my life ...?
how does computer science relate to math?
Is this Joke Funny?
Im 14 years old .. how can i lose weight?
Does anyone know Shakira's phone number?
children why?
Help Me With This Integral Problems?
What is the value of PI?
how to become a property developer?
What are the best alternatives to Ebay and Paypal?
Is Saturday considered a business day for credit card companies?
ok ok halloween is over?
how can i make a live web cam ?
what are the conditions of unsafe sex?
Physics question below?
How Input and output device works?
Define legilism in moral sense.?
signs of a cheating husband?
Whats the difference between the degrees of murder?
what are the preditors of seahorses?
Am I intimidating?
where can I download a free safety poster?
does globalization really benefit developing countries?
How many likes wrestling or MMA?
Does anyone know how to speak dolphin or whale?
just another riddle!!!!?
how to make insurance premium policies?
is motion is also a vibration?
scholarship applications for elementary schools?
Do people like Chest Hair?
Why do americans call it soccer????
Why do we call them buildings if they are all ready built ?
how do they miss out on such a great candidate?
Can you help me with mitosis?
Can you please tell me what is wrong with me?
hey anybody in xth class ?&studing 4 exams?
Don't know where I can go?
When did Kool-Aid start wearing pants?
Can I sue my siblings for mishandling my father estate?
Brand New Rocks?
Why is business terminology so difficult to understand?
Why should cellphones be banned in schools?
what are the best stress relievers?
can peasants make a successful revolution?
How come water turns white when it freezes?
What do you feel like replying to this question?
Are Jews generally more open-minded than Christians?
Where can I do PhD. in Walt Disney?
are there more pictures of Charley Patton and Robert Johnson?
Does anyone remember Lisa Lisa and the Cult jam?
why do you keep sending this stuff after i unscribe?
What kind of hats were worn by the blues brothers?
invertbrates &their behaviour?
how were medicare and medicaid founded?
How can you tell when someone's anorexic?
West coast vs East coast?
boxing in modesto for kids?
Does anyone know the creed of life?
NFL Draft Question?
A very interesting question. more below?
why does light travel in straight lines?
What is wrestler Scott Hall doing these days?
Can happiness be quantified?
Speaking Japanese?
were can I look up porn?
when and where did cheerleading begin?
What is the difference between buying coop and condo?
Dental affordability?
Are there aliens among us and how can we spot them?
what should i do today?
i have two physics questions relating to intensity of wave?
Anyone here like roseanne?
Play safe with an iron or take out the driver?
Does the desire to go have a cigarette ever stop?
Who is the # 1 in UK?
girls,  what do you think of girly girls?
What do i do?
dose love find you?
do 2 months old baby snore?
why times feel to pass quickly then in the past?
financial aid when my dad hasn't filed taxes?
why are there 12 versions of the bible?
what should your blood sugar be after fasting overnight?
What's the purpose of the Mafia?
Traitor: What is your definition of this word?
i had lower wisdom teeth removed?
is it safe to buy in northen Cyprus on exchange land?
How does the color of your clothes effect your body temperture?
ok who eve rgets this right wins..?
What does buffer size do for an external hard drive?
Should the US drop its embargo on cuba?
How old is George W. Bush?
why dough with sugar doubles its size faster?
What are made of sugar and spice?
How to establish a x-ray film manufacturing plant?
where to meet trannys in pittsburgh?
how can i find someone in federal hands?
Problem Description:?
Any fun websites????
how can i become good in soccer?
Why do guys who are good looking tend to be gay?
Am I being unreasonable?
what is  the advantage and disadvantage of masterbetion?
who is the richest person in the world????
How the drugs can hurms the humen health?
effective recruitment process?
Will Matt ask me out ?
who's goin to hell?
The funniest and best riddle gets 10 points?
Is Bubba Crosby related to Bobby Crosby?
whats a good romantic movie?
Custom DIV OVERLAY Layout?
first footbol player?
What is the time now?
If you could ask one question, what would it be?
what kind of monkey was used in the movie monkey trouble?
Bad toothache! Remedy??
What were some problems that immigrants faced when coming to America?
Why don't rich celebrity's share there money?
Christians - Do you find this joke funny?
When is the thurd quarter of the moon.?
Why some elements have variable valency?
I quite like this version of the song!?
what is ( DLL.library?
what's he most you ever did for someone?
If your colour blind would glass look red?
What is the geneticists view on intelligent design?
computer freezes when I attempt to utilize in Messenger?
How can you satisfy someone whom you like very much?
my cd drawer won't stay closed?
What are good songs by Jurassic 5?
What changes were made to the Executive branch after Watergate?
does he like me?
Why ripples are formimg in water?
How do i make home made cough syrup in a village?
Any recovering alcoholics out there?
i need help to find pictures of my son?
who is your mentor?
no one even belive what i say?
Mystery foot pain?
What is porphyria?
skipping???
how gene be metilation?
What's a divvy hun?
how to dismental mac mini?
2 plus 2 equals what?
whether service tax penalty is payable ,if ST?
Are you really in olve with your mate?
The first black managers of a major league baseball team ?
Try this...?
where can i get a printable bill payment checkoff list?
How fast is a Nascar car?
Is splitting an infinitive a mortal sin?
Today is Armed Forces Day , any vets out there?
The Undertaker retires?
My employer continues to lose money onour pension plan?
Has anyone noticed that?
Question to the American people. :)?
what do you think of www.myspace.com?
Various Chemistry Questions...can you help?
physics tension problem?
Favorite bands?
Should I be worried about a swollen gum?
How do I make a music account on Myspace?
What is the best band ever in US or UK?
pearl jam setlist for 06-20-06?
what's the purpose of spam?
should I quit my Job...?
Lost music?
How did time come about?
how would you say Least common factor ties into shopping?
how do i save downloaded music to my library?
key questions expected by hiring managers?
the world is at my feet and it is all falling apart?
what is the solution of domestic violence?
why do people ask stupid questions if they already know the answer?
What is Globalwarming?
do anyone have seen or talked aliens?
can lasers travel in vacum and space.?
sad songs..what are the best ones?
Marriage in crisis?
can you give me the control unit design of a computer?
How do u get the courage to ask someone out?
What is the job of the Legislative Branch?
How do screw compressors work?
estimate 32%of 21 what is as a whole number?
what is beaker?
what is the difference between parole and probation?
Why do we try to con others about our motives>?
Where do basketball players stand on the court?
What is Ash Wednesday ?
In what kind of home did the Cheyenne live?
I need an intelligent advice.?
Chinese language tutor..?
How can you tell if you have a small Penis?
How do you treat tendinitis when running?
Please help me practice....?
what does impotency actually mean?
can you take antenolol with xanax?
What Is Your Dad's Middle Name?
What is Your Take on This?
How can I wake up at work? Please help!!?
what percentage of homosexual americans are infected with AIDS?
Why are mormons so freaking nice?
why does water vaporise?
If Someone likes me and I like them what do I do?
Vietnam War causes and effects?
translation for grandma in bohemian?
what kind of oil should i use on my softball glove?
is the moon view of the moon is the same everywhere?
Can anyone explain "longest prefix match" for routing protocol?
Yahoo Answers?
What do you think of violent deaths?
Are you more East Coast or West Coast?
What is your favorite wrestling ppv show?
please factor...?
why are the jews takking over the world?
Why does the Earth get easterly trade winds?
can you answers this?
Yahooligans? How do I make this a home page?
Is LimeWire Illegal?
Do you celebrate St. John's Day?
NASCAR Trivia #5?
who will meet each other in next year superbowl 2007?
is hairbrushing useful for preventing of hairloss?
why should I buy home in california?
What keeps the leaders of Mexico from helping their own people?
what is business ethics as a discipline?
who starred in the film "only fools and horses"?
fifa world cup BRAZIL?
what countries are under democratic rule?
need help finding wright girl.?
poo in pool?
drowing yo  yo yo?
i have an itch down there?
george bush joke?
How do I make a member login thing for my website?
code for calculator in java?
what is the job of my lawyer?
Name the woman with largest breasts in the world?
Financial Aid for well off people?
Where can I find easy Egyptian songs for 1st graders?
I) What do you say?
when are golden goals played??
Any Fancy ideas for an interface???
Do you like amusement parks?
how to remove CO2 from soda sorb?
How come you can never understand the words in graffiti?
which would you chose??
How do you find spellcheck or how to spell?
what is life after death?
do u like keane?
I'll pick your answer as the best!?
what is an officers military assistant called?
Disk drive on my laptop having troubles?
When was the last time it snowed in San Francisco?
how do u do a box and whisker plot?
Is limewire illegal?
Is anyone in love with Orlando Bloom?
What are the seven parts of an argument?
who is zab judah?
what is a metropolis?
What does "Up the creek without a paddle" mean?
What is evidence of a synthesis reaction?
What is the reason we as a society do this?
who is a true brahmin?
Has anyone tried reflexology for migraine?
How do you pull out your own tooth?
what type exercises are good for post back surgery?
Typhoid fever and its nutritional care?
honest opinion please!?
anyonre here in NY?
band fittness?
Who thinks the Suns will spank the Lakers in this series?
calories chilis chicken fahitas?
Did I lose muscle?
Mathematical Essence:(part 1)?
what should my sisters friend do?
Have the wild geese lost more than they gained?
what dose grapes means in the Hungarian language?
where bats come from?
Found something VERY interesting on ABC News...?
in geometry 1 degree equals how many minutes?
What's after DEATH?
bent penies?
How can I set an alarm in my PC?
name this song its a tuffy...?
where do i talk to other leabains online?
Four part surveying question, answer all parts to get correct.?
Meaning ofsocial science,political science and natural science?
how to download games from mac to mobile?
what song is that?
What do you think?
Is it possible to get pregnant after 2 months of having intercourse?
What does my knickname refer to?
Big Bang Theory...?
How many levels of hell ARE there?
Best non-stock investment?
What would happen if there was an Italian...?
What is the real color of the sea?
Mike Lieberthal (Philadelphia Phillies)?
What's that sticky stuff?
I'm confused about cord blood uses, any help?
What Are The School Colors Of Lebanon, Ohio?
Things that are the color blue?
Do you think American Doctors are too quick to recommend surgery?
What's the proper name for a Jesus fish ?
Where about is Ivory Coast?
Beautiful dream...?
Do you know how to clean plasma screens?
did you grow up as you wanted to be?
How to find tenant background checks for free?
What is you favorite thing to do with your boyfriend or friends?
how hard is it to be an adult?
what does "Chulita" mean?
Could someone help me with an 8th grade math problem please?
a canadien hockey player in 1985?
who was the first black baseball player to play professional baseball?
How bout this kind of protest?
where can i get Physical info on Alaska?
Starfire vs Firestar?
does left-handedness affect how smart you are?
how many handspan are there in 1 yard?
have a peni*s problem?
u believe in magic??? why??
Can i have your thoughts on Eva Longoria?
Beyond drinking water, what are some ways to flush excess sodium?
what is your favorite book and why?
How is pb&j so famous?
What is the tittle of the leader of the senate?
Where can i get help with theorems and postulate?
dream triple threat?
This is for the men (and ladies also)?
where does bone conduction occur?
In Latin America?
Is it illegal to drive naked?
Who's yer daddy?
How do I find my old student loan?
Do  you think they know of the health effects of depleted uranium?
who has won the fifa world cup 5 times?
pros and cons of Libertarianism?
i make scarves in different designs of silk in india?
day boarding schools in delhi?
Does anyone bring up the questions found on Yahoo answers in Church?
final score from mexico n angola?
what is payment by one nation for protection by another?
How much is a fathom and league (marine term)?
Just wondering does anyone have a clue how much Iron Maiden makes?
The three branches of our federal form of Government are?
Can I help a child in Africa?
Is Jessie still feeling sad?
help needed if willing?
Who was the inventor of forums?
will an adsl router work with regular cable internet?
do you think being an expert at computers is a good job?
Does sex feel good?
What would you do?
where can i find a job riding snowmobile?
Publish / Write a book on Bank of China?
Would You Vote For Hillary in 2008?
does the bible teach for against organ donation?
once you go black?is this true?
Why can't I wake up easily in the morning?
Does a third party collector have authorization?
sex on the 3rd night?
what is the storage capacity of a average human brain?
a Cappris girl should go for a.. ?
Spongebob Squarepants?
what is wrong with my volume?
How do I hire a good Search Marketing agency?
Set phasers to stun?
how is the best football player in the NFL right now.?
Will anyone donate their points so that I can keep asking questions?
How to memorize maxwell equation?
what does it mean when a color is surrounding somone?
what is the definition of googooplex?
whats a pure substance?
Message boards and groups?
Adware in system.?
Is this the coolest thing you have ever seen?
do you believe in " life on the other planets"?
why does girls want to have sex with older men?
Who is Penelope Barker?
who likes bush and why?
how long does it take to forget her?
who supports Creationism? Who spposes it?
What is the best fax software?
what is the rootkit?
What is the difference between American football and Rugby?
history of Americans president?
who thinks the movie rent is cool?
I am looking for ABC facts on Italy?
how do i detect A spy cam?
what is the traditional tiquila music?
GIRLS ONLY (please help me)?
who is A.R Rehaman?
Animal relationships?
what are managable switches?
How do you think you would fare in the witness box.?
Should drugs and prostitution be legalized?
How much would I weigh in Britain?
which is the best player to play movies and songs in computer?
Please suggest any website which give free Da Vinci novel to read?
Why does he love me so much?
What is the most disgusting part of your job?
Is this the truth of the American troops?
why does america suck?
Whiplash, what to do?
Losing weight after stomach flu?
While the meat is frozen its weight would be decreased?
How should you value a soccer club?
I would like to know who was the 6th. Pope?
would u go on a hunting trip with dick cheney?
High School Sports?
Is masturbation healthy?
Why do preppy girls always fight over boys?
how do you erase a read only CD-R?
How can I make zero density foam?
Why do they have brail at drive up tellers?
I would like to know about Sweden Vs Paraguid?
Why division between christians and muslim?
From where can i find Hollywood song video clips?
am i just jealous part two?
watch movies online in UK?
Do you make a wish when the clock reads 11:11?
First time selling on ebay. Packaging.?
can you show me 8 fishes found in the local fish market?
How can you  forgive if you can`t forget?
religions is the root of all mankinds' conflicts, agree?
which is the smallest living creature?
Men Only !!!!!!?
machine learning :- summary of the following questions?
is jessica simpson a lesbian?
background about Carlos Santana?
single word antonym of sin?
What do you think of special children?
How can I survive going to this wedding?!?
How far away is the sun from the earth?
Am i a lesbian?
Who looks better? Aaliyah or J.Lo?
Good management colleges in pune?
why are guys so confusing?
when you were in school did u play 4 square?
Is Fergie a man?
I think I just got snookered?
what is the best way to lose weight on ur belly?
Why didn't Irish people prefer to wear green originally?
Can I stop myself bruising so easily?
how do i totally block paltalk?
Is there something like a good nationalism?
Australia v Croatia:?
A question to all my fellow Americans?
What Do You Think Of My Fantasy Football Team?
Who is your fave South Park Character?
NRA4EVR vs. The Lollipop Guild?
staying with the guy i like...?
I need the meaning of this phrase. Plz help?
What is the secret?
Index of a combination Part II?
who was the bets football running back for college?
what dose SDS stand for?
what is the difference of lawyer and the judge?
Help!! I need a name for my new business?
Question about some kind of eating disorder?
what vitamin makes up most of our hair?
Visa service agencies?
Why does it feel good to stretch when you're tired?
does FastWeb do backround checks?
What is the estimated fortune of Bam Margera?
are loan origination fee the same as points?
What do you call someone who...?
Does anybody know a site I can download tv ads from?
How do you know that someone cares for you very much?
i have lost my frankfurter...?
What's the worst physical injury you've ever had?
do athletic students have better lung capacity?
which one is more evil money or the french government?
Death Of A Salesman Play Written By Arthur Miller.?
How can I contact Compaq Customer Support?
iam i stupied?
What is 'adult content' on Yahoo! Answers?
who invented the clock?
has Greece done more to contribute to any civilization in the world?
what is the role of an executive secretary?
command line question  unix/linux file commands?
i want to display no of columns in a table?
How do you calculate the chain reaction of uranium?
how do i go about starting my own birth announcement company?
what are you scared of?
history of mathematics?
Catering...?
Is it ok to run or jog and smoke?
Is the use of pornography between two consenting adults harmful?
What do Christians...?
What are the top ten blues albums of all time?
How long have you been watching pro-wrestling?
How can I get my partner to be more trusting of me?
doswell is acity in virginia?
Science fair ideas?
do you have email cristiano ronaldo?
who manufactures Selman instruments & are they any good?
where can I learn Persian (Farsi) in London?
where is placed romania?
Should god be loved more than love for parents or family?
is eating a cat considered chinese food?
Any ideas for a story?
If you could pass any law, what would it be?
who would win in a fight between lassie and skippy?
why do people like floridas beaches?
Why did you leave your last job?
Stolen/Cracked YahooID?
who are considered internal customers? and who are considered external customers?
If time is money then why most people waste it on net?
Were you physically abused at school? How?
Does God exists?
MBA/MS abroad....help anybody?
location for the department of family servics?
R U American?
What is the rainfall history of Cebu City?
Did Steve Kerr everplay for th e HEAT?
Solve M=5R-2T for R?
Do you know how to learn a foreign language?
Is it safe to use Viagra without consulting the doctor?
is there a gulf of california?
If you could...?
What is the size of the online wedding market?
What do Bush deserve for his Mistakes and Lies?
do you miss stone cold in the wwe?
Should monkeys take over the world?
is it rude to talk on the phone while taking a dump?
pengertian strategi ekstensifikasi?
how do i get rid of my spots?
I am a Christian...?
does anyone here today have sickle cell ?
is keyshawn and chad johnson related?
who know how to control  the terrible twos?
Are Protein Drinks Meal Substitutes?
How do steroids work?
Who will win the Champions League?
Why do men Lie about stupid little things?
How much inches is 83 cm?
what is isoflavones?
what was your favorite toy when you were a child?
whats the tenth planet made of?
Supporting the troops?
should we secure our borders by putting Mexicans in jail?
Who has an edge in Business today!?
Is Reggaeton famous in your Country?
Which Dog is closest to the Wolf?
where can i get old pakistani singers songs?
anno domini?
what is USEPA?
What does this mean to you?
What do you think of Heather Headley??
Stargate Fan?
Would you buy this product?
what does "cake daddy" mean?
How do i deal with being a vampire?
what is the square root of a google?
My treadmill is hurting me!?
Has anyone ever done the Hollywood 48 Hour Miracle Diet?
how do you multiply to figure house interest?
Why isn't there a category for religion?
any math wiz need help please.?
Why all people intrested to the world cop?
How do you file a response to a petition in District court?
Is Sunny Von Bulow still alive?
XP Pro/Visual Studio?
The Oilers game ruled last night dont u think?
polyatomic ion?
Ever wondered why ...?
Should we imprison non-violent criminals?
Who join the League of Nations?
Should i have sex with my best friends boyfriend?
Favorite Newscaster?
What complications can occur with hernia surgery?
What hormones are involved in electrolyte/fluid balance?
ok who remembers their first.......?
what do you think of rocker tommy lee.?
can you run indefinatly... ?
How do you say "so" in Spanish?
Low Sodium Cottage Cheese?
For Women only?
how do I adjust the browser setting?
Is Wilson Jermaine Heredia gay?
ssc resuts 2006?
Confidence level?
what is globalization in business communication?
Help me not to sleep...?
Only serious answers please?
work out??
Is there a way?
What can't you keep your eyes off of?
who is the worlds heaviest person?
Will John Kerry?
What are peg balances?
what are native american bear ceremonies?
Why is it that ...?
Best book for Engg.Electrical??
do any girls like it from the back??
Are there any learning disabilities related to social skills.?
Do u think direct democracy is fair ? why ?
Dry patch on lower lip?
How do the poem and song show connection?
What did Thomas Alva Edison,nickname his kid's?
how do you know if a boy loves you?
Why do diets fail???
Can anyone give me advantages to home schooling over public schooling?
how to use if formula?
why r there such things as bad words?
what is 5097 divided by 10?
Do you think India is playing too much cricket ?
Arman's  Q?
What changes do you think the new congress will make?
what is socio - economic ?
what way does immigration work?
what is the difference between epoxies and polymers?
Have you seen The Giant Buddhas? a movie?
What should someone do before they die???
What a cracker lol?
More wife jokes?
How do I make my friend patty stop singing in class?
Who makes more money on the gasoline sales?
Where is atlantis buried ?
What is the Eastern Fatherâ€™s choice?
What is the best laptop in general on the market?
cascading logic gates?
my butt itches, can you scratch it for me?
What is this tree?
what's the secret to passing a test?
Why cant I seem to like him?
Should I get a Black MacBook?
Is there any way to improve my pain threshold?
Should Buster Douglas Stage a Comeback?
what is the best download manager and acclerator ?
oh my good god y???
What country was Schumascherr second soccer ball from?
do you watch orange county choppers?
Are Libs' big mouths their downfalls?
should i resign or not?
The first African cup of Nations was hosted by which country?
Holiday Baking!?
10 points to whoever can answer this?
have you heard of the "skull and bones society?"?
Which term do you like better? Journal or blog?
What kind of things get packed into a hurricane emergency kit?
y shouldn't little-bit eat yellow snow ?
how could I speak among people without stress?
What are the dimensions of a cord of firewood?
What has been your biggest success?
would you date someone that looks like your ex?
Is Michael Jackson a racial swap experiment gone bad?
do you think good Charlotte is ever going to make more albums?
Which format will win? HD-DVD or Blue-Ray?
a 20 year affair?
What's your opinion on the death penalty?
what does mode designer do?
Was the earliest portable object of recording a slab of rock?
what is your favorite color and why?
What can cause memory problems?
Ideas for spooky Christmas costumes?
Who has Best Army in the World?
An interesting practical question. What is the free space between spheres?
Where do you live???
Can a man and a woman realy be friend s?
13000 spent in 5 months is this alot?
Who is the best player in the MLB right now?
Should you ever forgive a man that has cheated???
I am dying to find this out?
does anyone know any good game sites?
the universe?
how do i become a trader?
What do you think about Massachusets insurance law?
What are some wireless broadband internet providers?
A gunsmith develops a machine gun.?
is there any groups to join that boycott wal mart?
is there a natural subsitute for viagra?
I think I am paranoid. How do i tell?
Which college basketball team will be the best in 2006?
I need some help with math -  anyone available to assist??
What's your most favorite day of the week and why?
Historically does Texas belong to Mexico as Israel to Palestine?
Do you like these horses?!!?
Was George Washington the United States first president?
Drug difference of adderall and Ritalin.?
On which web site i will found marriage invitation card?
can you figure this out?
Which  of  the  country is hosting 2006 world cup?
The Perfect Society?
Which one is the No.1 fitness website?
Is it hard to get a Pell Grant?
Between China and America, who do you think needs who more?
how good be a business associated with stem cell preservation?
what is azureus?
Net income??
Who should I go with?
what is special on july 5th??
Who rules the Dominican Republic?
Your Porn Star Name?
Is a Taurus a good sign?
Should the U.S. Government severely limit immigration.?
what is thetechnology adoption process?
how does a FCC catalyst work?
I want to download a software for removing systemerrors?
Will christians burn in hell?
What do you love the most about yourself?
Who invented the odometer ?
How about the skip of skin disease?
who is brian lara?
what is the point in school?
Should i tell him?
how mant kinds of tomatoes have been classified?
Do the Yankees have enough pitching?
The Worst George Dubya Bush Quote Ever?
Can an M.R.I scan detect mental illness?
Scientific Mathematics Experiment?
I love Lamp?
Are there any jobs in IT? Serious replies only.?
what makes a man sexy? , To women please?
Who do you think is the best football manager in the world?
Where does our sense of self awareness come from?
Does he have feelings for me?
why does ask jeeves search not return relevant information?
Transportation available or Transport available?
Which Aphex Twin album is your favorite?
Where I can find health training centers?
what is todays place of duty?
was the love between shown in brokeback mountain justified?
what is the size of A2 paper in centimeters?
Ever see the picture of Saddam and Rumsfeld shaking hands?
how many palyers basketball?
how to updead java?
Where is a good online source of Java for beginners?
how do you cure depression without medication?
What is the virus west nile? How is it caused?
what country will gain the world wide championship of soccer in Germany?
updating issue?
was dennis waterman married to amanda redmond?
Why is Michael Jordan the best basketball player ever?
how can a person contact a non-physical being?
what is the goodness of calcium?
What's your 2008 presidential dream team?
Does anybody know how to spell "solitarica"?
PLEASE someone email me ??
What kind music do u listen to?
how can I get my certification in step aerobics?
Is there or has there been Life on Mars?
Why are so many "Christians" so hateful?
IS GBD jealous of my skills?
Should I wake up early to do my home school?
who scored the first world cup goal in 1930?
Why do libs keep making up conspiracy theories?
imac help!!!!?
what is Day Ja Vu?
where can i find disney channel wallpapers?
what is snot?
Hot Tea after meals vs a cold drink?
Do you realize moderate Democrats handed power to the liberal Democrats?
why does my right testicle hurt?
why sometimes we have white marks on our fingernails?
Ladies,teach me to understand you!?
Should I buy a house in San Diego California?
Is it true?
what can i do with her neck to please her??
is in normal to be paranoid of the government?
do u no the lyrics?
do you think working at walmart is trashy?
my boyfriend wants to do more than kiss what should i do?
Funniest movie you've ever seen?
Is there any charge to call from pc to mobile?
who wants to be a millionaire?
please help me with a relationship?
how many gallons are in one barrel of crude oil?
why isn't there an official language in the US?
Why would any rational peronson worship an evil diety?
How do you set your own standards?
Who was the first bride in the White House?
Wrecked car value?
is there a trick to make yourself a quick runner?
Please help me?
can Jesus come back at any moment?
wedding gift for a realllllly good teacher?
fave football team??
Slow Torrents ???
How much are you willing to pay per gallon of gas?
How can i pull myself out of depression without medication?
how do u spell darelle???
effects of immigration on america?
do people born gay?
How is the Speaker of the House chosen??
What does the WWE trio name MNM stand for?
who do you think will win the fifa world cup?
Whats you opinion on girls that dip?
nba allstar game?
What ethnicity do you think I am?
your best and worst bands in the world??
what does it truly mean to "make love"?
where did i go to high school?
How to get a federal job?
when did bull fighting in spain originate?
what are the dimensions of a soccer field, and the goal?
What would 4d look like for the 4d observer?
your thoughts on surgical and non-surgical cosmetic procedures?
What fills you with a vehement rage?
what country that called `samba'in football?
why do people care if u don't have s boyfriend?
Superbowl- Seahawks or Steelers?
do u have high fever with two year molars?
what important events happened in the years 1995-2005?
what am i?
What is your greatest fear?
In WWI who is clashing against who?
abolition of parliment bill in the UK?
why would a property become listed - who would decide >?
Do you have a suggestion?
when was the first magazine created?
Need help with my outlook express can u help?
people to fill ICS positions?
What Year Was Golf Discontinued as an Olympic sport?
Am I hurting the military by telling them this hard fact?
Who thinks....?
are there missing books in the bible?
who won superbowl XX?
more math people!!!?
what are heebys?
Can anyone good at math solve these quick questions?
where can i find music codes?
Why are mothers so demanding?
hows beter at base ball?
racism fiasco.........?
do men prefer girls with long hair or short?
Have you prepared yourself for the rubberband man?
Who invented the cell phone?
fire vs. ice? which do you like better?
who sings that country song kerosine?
Where does Kiara Marie Walls stay?
a question for my sis?
if you had 5 kids what would u name them?
What are wiring instructions?
what is your idea about studying abroad?
how do you start your own discussion boards?
Where do I get to see chat log?
who is your favorite tv doctor?
What is the worlds largest country in square miles ?
dramatic CPU temp leap?
how do u know which elements lose or take in electrons?
what is the worst computer you have ever had?
Will marriage for us work? Please help.?
A riddle for you?
when was the 1986 world cup held where Argentina won the cup?
make a web?
Turkish talking dictionary? does anyone knows where i can download this?
is my fantasy baseball team good?
Sims 2 and expantions???
what is the new rap song about Ohio State?
what's the difference between mastercard and visa ?
Why is outer space so dark?
Do you think teenagers should be able to vote?
If only people understood the word of God?
will i have a good life in USA?
What are the important elements of global civil society?
Why do hearing people get nervous about dating a deaf person?
what do girls do at sleep overs?
Leaving home when things are getting rough?
whats your best kind of game?
Do you think countries shouldn't exist?
Does Cayenne pepper really help to cure colds?
Do you think there are too many immigrants in the United States?
why did colombus sail to the west indies?
anybody like the newsboys???
What would you do if you caught your 10 year old smoking?
hey dudes i got a question....?
Do you smell that?
what actor/entertainer  would u want to sleep with?
What products are in demand in America?
what does a mlb manager do?
Are you tried & true?
Where is this country called America that everyone is taking about here?
Bored in Iraq.?
Do Pheromone sprays and oils really work?
premarital counselling research?
How much sleep do you need per night?
name one coach you would like to meet.. and why?
How the plants changes their colors?
who feels lonely?!?
what is the definition of car sales?
Have you heard about the people from Cuba held in the Bahamas?
what is the best airline to work for as a flight attendant?
i really need some help!?
Is soya products bad for women?
how can i choose a good assistant in Real Estate sales?
wat should i do?
what is flower power?
Why are newborn babies' eyes the same colour as the sky?
where r u and how hot was it?
Should landmines be placed on the border?
how do i get something to fade in on flash mx?
i dont know how to cite this source?
About Anorexic?
How many bricks?
How do I figure out the speed?
do you have a safety dep  box?
Is Alex Rodriguez still on the yankees team?
who is the best football player in the world for 2000 year?
What causes increased/enhanced global warming?
who will win nascar sunday?
crazy coach in baseball?
que penser vous du zidane?
What is Gibbs energy. Pls explain.?
does circumsition hurt?
who is  the Chief Justice of the Supreme Cort?
Does the MLS favor DC?
when is the approiate time to...?
how to have a great night???
Can antibiotics be a potent source of drowsiness?
Is it legal to have sex in your car?
What is the forbidden pleasure?
Anyone want to choose the answer which best describes those statements.?
What songs does the Crabb Family sings?
Does Visio 2007 require Office 2007 ?
What does the word "free" in free enterprise mean?
What are the traditions of cinco de mayo?
How many acres in one quarree?
Answer this question correctly and get 100 points. No kidding!?
why do i seem to hurt the one that i love?
All about CSTE?
compare linear and non-linear equations?
Can you get oilstains off of a book?
What is George Washington's middle name?
Why is objectificaiton dangerous?
I get sick when ever people start talking about medical conditions?
Which is the that insurance one must have?
my boyfriend cheated on me 1 year ago...?
how can me receive all yahoo mail ids?
when does the football world cup star and finish?
what does the A.M and P.M stand for?
Why do Americans waste so Much food and resources ?
What happened on June 6th?
why and how can stress be the enemy?
Why are people so phony?
What is meant by "beta" version of softwares ?
what team are you rooting for this year?
am really confused on my choice of carrer please help?
Which sterling silverware pattern is preferable??
how do commercial companies get nuts from nut shells without breaking any?
why do we acquire education?
do you think aliens will have eyes to see?
The religion of the Swedish royal family?
What's your favourite teen movie ?
What do you know about the resurrection?
why is it that we take advantage of everything we are given?
with what is davis cup associated with?
how to interact with unknown people?
what is a cube number?
how much money does yao ming make in one year?
how much should a 14 year old be able to bench press?
Why do people have brain freezes?
who do I find my EIN?
Who is your WWE DREAM TEAM?
Clouds are named by thier shape and?
What sins do women struggle with?
what is the chemical formula of hydrogen fluoride?
does anyone know how pooh forms into a solid??
what is the first known in habitants in Mississippi?
What am I doing wrong in this Heat problem?
Do you think its OK for a Muslim to enter Hindu temples?
How to I clear out my Lungs?
what is the difference between celsius and farenheit?
Do I weigh too much??
How to suggest a new building law?
how to impress a girl on first date?
Light accelerating?
any rednecks out there?
Which country will win the battle of the terraces?
Why does it never snow here?
What colleges make up the Ivy League?
i need html enlargemant links?
reference for NSN #'s?
has president bush done a good job?
What does CPM mean in affiliate programs?
What do guys think about girls that ride motorcycles?
why are some intelligent people such horrible spellers?
Where to find a real NSA relationship with a woman?
Who are the top teams heading into this years World Cup?
Holiday Gift Ideas?
Is 31 years old too old to return to college?
what is a normal RBC count for a female?
What are the seeds in the torrent progs?
Who should I tell?
1st woman appointed to the us senate?
What is the average yearly American income?
Is it time for a drink yet?
how can i get?
Currently, what is Bush's approval rating?
how to start a home based delivery service?
cause of fluid in lungs?
Uniforms in American public schools?
What causes claustrophobia?
what is the 4 main functions of carbohydrates?
How can you make your cover letter stand out from the rest?
simplyfing radicals with fractions?
Who expects the Spanish Inquisition?
if any body dies what will you do?
Under 21 only, Question about our President.?
What is the difference between marriage and wedding?
What do I use to clean the screen on my monitor?
what is the effect of denaturing an enzyme?
who likes hiler!?
what would a sales associate position consist of?
what's the best staduim in europe?
What's the best way to fast cure from cold ?
should i study?
which instrument does Maurice Andre play?
Wheres the ultimtate warrior?
What makes you get out of bed in the morning?
For the Gentelmen?
How many Patricks dose it take to change a light bulb?
how do I get a boyfriend ?
How do I get rid of mold on my walls?
How do u get water out of yor ears?
Why do we make GOD so complicated.?
who'z da sexsiest celebrity?
shrink cowboy boots?
How do I convert .tif to .jpg?
What gets wetter the more it dries?
over protective parents?
who was the first indian prime minister of independent india?
The bible has been translated into how many languages?
How do you measure economic development?
how do you become a millionare in1 month?
Selling vs. Renting?
why do asian guys have small penises?
Dou you believe satan exist?
What is the "next world" like after one passes away?
should age matter?
How Do You Make the Media Player on the MSn Space ?
I need a household balance sheet blank?
Who is the most valuable athlete?
what do you think of the world cup so far?
a girl wants to go out  with me what do i do?
Jeeves, take off my dress.?
Please Read Very Important need ASAP!!!?
Rent Vs. Buying with credit issues?
what song is this??
what is your favorite tv show?
statistician?
Sinus Infection. Please Read!?
Any help for getting to sleep?
I am working in browsing center?
Is it true that most rape trials collapse?
when was the consitution signed and ratified?
Who should i start in the spot of Kevin Jones, RB?
how old can you be before you get married?
I need to know about discount golf equipment?
What is the formula for finding the area of an oval?
Any Gemini out there represent.?
who have info on cheetahs?
how can i tape up a rib injury?
Is there such a thing as true love?
1st captain in test cricket in india?
How does relativity theory resolve the Twin Paradox?
What does G O P stand for?
Who is likely to win the world cup, apart from England?
What do you do when your legs are aching?
Nursery rhyme...?
Should I hire a Dominatrixx for my birthday?
What up with Diva Search?
Does it make you sad ...?
Has anyone actually seen a crop circle?
why dont we have square eyes?
Where are opals found?
audio on yahoo messengr does not work?
what is third degree murder?
How do you get rid of chancre sores?
How do I add java script to a blog?
who is chief justice of India currently?
what is show cause notice?
Christmas giftsss???? [read]?
How to resolve Haiti's dilemma?
whats a creative way to ask someone out?
Does electricity have mass?
Why can't bush give us more information on the war?
Why is it that most people call man u the reds?
please answer my question about buying a home?
what do you mean by "OOPS"?
what is the difference between partly sunny and mostly cloudy?
where was your first time having sex and who with?
dental visit?
winxp servicepack 2?
a visit to the dr's office?
anyone here been to/lives in israel?
How can i make whiteboard ink ?
how does a rainbow forms?
I have a situation that's really  backwards?
What to do when you REALLY like a guy?
Who is the girl in the yellowbook commercial??
israel or palastine?
Why do liberals and Conservatives have such different  bases.?
What is best cruise line?
Why does the internet on my macbook run so slow?
Am I being played? Should I move on?
i am looking for berkley school?
What have you been up to the last three years?
how much a breast implants?
Looking for a legitimate Agency for Child TV Extra's?
Screen resolution chaging on restart.?
where in geogria can you seal baseball cards?
why do scientists believe in the big bang theory?
why are black people black?
i need some help with some emoyional stuff?
How can I keep my mom out of my computer?
What is the best country to go to a boxing event in?
What are some tips to remember a speech?
what does arraignment compliant mean?
Anyone Have Poems About Their Feelings That They Have For Someone?
Which is the number one brand in the world ?
what are the three levels of feasts?
what is best rani mukerji movie ?
Peronality disorder or anorexia?
What are some good ways?
What 3 things do you really want to happen in your life?
how can i find out what happened in a court hearing today?
kiosk apllications?
do you have the web for introduction of vb6?
Where can I find an exercise hula-hoop?
Who is the president of Kurdistan ?
Why are chubby people friendly?
what is a usb stand for?
What's your favorite quote from the movie Spaceballs?
What's better ice hockey or ground hockey?
who was the youngest arbiter in world cup history?
How do you highlight test using CSS?
Can you give me the answer?
I have a mental complex about my skin color...?
show my boss my social security card?
what is the difference in physical memory and virtual memory?
Who is the most famous goal keeper In German World Cup?
What was your reaction to The Da Vinci Code?
why was it cool for Solomon to have long hair?
why do people do this?
Who sings Room of Angel on the Silent Hill 4 soundtrack?
im confused?
do you blive in  magic?
Why are people hostile towards incest?
chemistry question?
What is the factor of these expressions?
why do my questions keep getting deleted?
Human hair?Dog hair?Bird hair?
How much human body normal temperature?
How many of you have live in Nannies for your children?
where can i find open source java midlets?
what is 5.8% of $25,000?
Does anyone have OCD???
What is the area of this triange?
which is best software to develope a simple web site?
How do i change my auto search in Internet Explorer?
greene county, mo judicial public records?
why a girl thinks all men are pigs?
Judas? Is he a just victim of bad PR?
riddle for 10 points?
back in the old days...?
Why do people burp?
Does anyone know anything about Alkalized Water?
Is it normal to stray so soon?
Why are white people the most rasist?
tell me something i dont know?
what about is the da vinci code movie?
i really need help bad!!?
What is a pentagram?
what is the definition of cash handling?
how is economic development and environmental quality related?
Why do we never hear the English national anthem?
Is the fruit of Islam evil?
felony college?
How do you truly know when you have found the one?
Where is Kimmie Meisener today?
Any Idea To change this world for Good?
how can tell if im pregnant without pregnancy test?
i like sex. do you?
What would you do I need help? asap?
How many weeks are there in a year?
Is there any surgery for narrow vagina?
why do whales beach themselves?
Explain the history of the electric guitar.?
give me 5 sets of dialogues between 2 cartoon characters?
Where is the best place to cycle in San Francisco?
where can I find love?
Could anyone tell me what is the best image format converter?
Has this ever happened to you?
So what is going to happen with the seaport management issue ?
SQL: Bucketing values?
is epsom salt good for helping with ance?
anybody got funny blond jokes?
what are hurricanes called in asia?
who sings this song??????
windows genuine?!!?
how cam I get my girlfriend's satisfaction?
hellpp how do i get him back?
How much did you win after betting on the Grand National?
What's the definition of  "opopanax"?
Do you have to pay tax if you're under 18?
how do I add .php into web pages?
Netflicks or Blockbuster Online?
I Can't Decide...?
Do any diet pills actually work?
what is cricket ?
What is the best Shinedown song and why?
Does anyone know a boy named Elijah?
is man like big butt?
Is the US going to attack Iran?
when to fly a spinnaker?
translation?
mating gradient?
Why do Conservatives complain about an activist Supreme Court?
how do i put a perental lock on my computer?
who is the best metal band in the world???
(girls only)how can i draw girls attention towards me?
What can you do for a Christmas Birthday?
define entrepreneurship?
China and North Korea?
Q about wireless mouse?
who buys used books ?
If you've dated other people but your mind thinks back?
Who do you want to win the NBA playoffs?
How is Nacho Libre for 9 yr-olds?
Professional article base on child with disabilities?
are aspen trees weeds?
I have my boyfriend's email password?
How do you convert old 8 mm film onto a DVD?
How to deal with racist remarks?
where can i find cool poetry cafes in london?
DC Circuit, and Similtaneous Equations?
How to get traffic to your website?
where do flagella live?
If you were a stripper what would your name be??
another physics problem....?
Why indian players r not playing well?
Which nation do you think does not understand humour very well?
examples of public limited company?
accounting manuals and formats?
Should I convert to lesbianism ?
objectivism?
Needing Help with Masturbation....?
What is Mexico's national animal?
What was the schools Matin Luther King Jr went to?
Who is gonna win the Kentucky Derby & Why?
afmc pune help?
how much does a hen weigh?
what is desktop search?
The "force" behind time?
Words that have a double consonant and end in le?
Why do Muslims are being humiliated in the western media?
Why does the moon's gravity cause tides?
anyone know anything new about ernesto fonseca?
Resources please!?
what is the "Apples'" company address?
the end of which film?
Sexy names for sperm?
Dallas Cowboys?
Why do white ppl haters?
What do you know about the Yangtze River?
Help! Persistant painful "Charley Horses"?
Why does the corporate world suck so much?
Is it Safe to come out of Hiding now?
What is the meaning of eloquent?
How many hydroelectric power plants are in Maryland?
Is rugby played on a shag rug the flat kind?
what should a 17 year old teen male weigh?
The domino affect of Immigration?
Why do prostitutes carry a gun ?
will schumacher win the monaco grand prix?
Anyone eaten recently at the Road Kill Cafe?
ND @ Air Force.....?
what are some of the effects of gravitational force?
looking for a website for kids kind of like ask.com?
What can I use for excessive sweaty underarms?
why are gycosaminoglycans negatively charged?
Can you marry more than one person at a time???
Why is Bush such a moron?
tell me more about blind man who summits mount everest?
What happened to cause the death of Peter Osgood?
Why is Yahoo trying to be Ask Jeeves?
Why would I not be able to download and install Windows updates?
Gay Seattle!?
During the last presidential campaign -?
cant find lyrics to old country song,?
Is the ruh and the nafs  are same?
Is Herba life good use to lose weight??
Axl Rose??
Who is the most dominant basketball player in NBA history?
where can i get free downloads for win xp audio drivers?
Slope of a line?
how many shots is there in 1 round of trap?
What are liberals good at?
Do your Truths based on your Facts set you Free?
what do we get if sea is added to oil?
What was Trent Greens rating last season as a passer?
What will you do if you love your sister?
why do u say jesus is God's son?
I thought she was my best friend???
Who do you like better?
title of  recent european movie?
Why is Winnie the only Pooh ever?
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
Lets Debate Mate?
Does anyone know what a "limpet box" is?
what is the fatest way to gain weight?
Elevated LH?
Is year round schooling superior to the traditional method?
How many Americans support something like a socialist economy?
why yahoo is the better researcher engine in net?
Polygamy. A normal family life?
when does ur criminal record get expunged?
Stay the Course mean?
how can i earn form web site development?
what is the youngest age someone can get gall stones?
What is the source of comparative advantage according to product cycle theory?
How do i break up with the person i  love?
what is ip?
How can u make yourself jump higher?
yahoo messenger help needed!?
explain the concept of intellectual property?
what's up with mi?
How to sport sexy lingerie?
Why is it...?
Is there any other companies like getafreelancer?
do you like the name .....?
Who else is excited?
Best Grey's Anatomy quote this season?
world savings branch locations?
hotel and resort service fees?
what is myoglobin?
Are we screwing rotten?
did you know?
i ride bmx, how could i get sponsorships?
What is the best undergrad degree to get?
What is the difference between Cross and Net quantities?
I am selling silver any takers?
Where is the best school for pre-Law?
why are guys so afraid to love?
Illegal Good Guys?
elevator inspector schools in florida?
How old were you when you got your first cavity?
Is James Bastien dead?
will the steelers win the super bowl?
Do you go to a goth club?
which are the best football boots in the world?
development process?
Could this sport BE any dumber?
What dollar amount to tip?
Do you believe that the Immaculate Conception was the Virgin Birth?
What is your favorite comedian quote?
How old was the oldest person on earth?
How did GWB get away with stealing the election?
list of marine boot camps?
What is a program that burns movie files to CDs?
Weirdest place you've ever had sex?
Is he just whack?
any1 need advice??
Flu shots w/out thermisol and insurance?
how can i stay positive?
why does airplane fuel feel cold?
How many free throws does a player away from the shooter get?
Year 8 writing task?
what did u know about Vladimir Voronin?
The Market?
do you know who greenday is?
Want to see some  funny quote made by George W. Bush?
How can I figure out the exact geographical coordinates of my house?
whats your favorite funny website?
which boils faster milk or water?
what was your funniest experience?
Does anyone love green day as mutch as i do?
Who hates being called FAT.?
does duct tape really get u high?
why cant I quit smoking, what can I try?
Death penalty yes or no?
How do I get over of guy who played on my emotions?
Name the country that sponsored Henry Hudson's first voyage?
Police Brutality?
How far can a crow fly without stopping?
A patient weights 97 kg.  His weight in pounds is ?
force help =)?
Who are / were the five greatest soccer players of all time?
what is the most poisonous creature on earth?
What is a good gangster, manly name for angel?
what is the difference between income,profit , revenue?
Does my boyfriend love sportscenter more than me?
To all the girls with good taste!?
can i excuse my child from school for lunch?
how much is king solomon owner's equity ?
why is access denied by surf control?
Who is the present deputy speaker of the Lok Sabha?
Day of the Death in Mexico... Â¡awesome!?
should i bulk up yet?
do you want to earn 10 points?
can anyone list  15  water-borne diseases?
how make's the yahoo??
Am I the only one that feels this way?
what is the income of portugual's prime minister?
How do you do a "works cited page" for internet?
Where did all the hair go?
Is the heart responsible for understanding?
Can a lightning strike blast a hole in a road?
Java Beans?
schools for the blind adults with family housing?
does anyone know where i can get any steroids?
Information about track running?
How do I get over my ex of  4 years?
Dell 4600 freeze by itself?
How do u put music on ur msn space?
Question to African Americans?
I have some questions about AIDS...can anyone help?
how do i gain weight?
Hiw can I save money?
will he beat kurt in vengeance?
Should the United States population convert to Islam?
what slows down tarnishing on silver?
how do you cut plexiglass?
How can believers explain the absence of miracles today?
What do you think abou the bourqa ban?
What city has the largest population per square foot?
how has india developed under manmohan singh'?
How many square feet makes one square meter ?
What is asia but not asia?
What is the best food you recommend for muscle gain diet?
who had the biggest dick in the world?
Chemical Warfare Soldiers (past & present)?
I'm in an awful situation...?
Did you ever feel like you entered the twilight zone?
21st Birthday?
What causes someone to owe money on taxes?
has anyone heard God speak to them?
Do they really want a job?
do you like school?
Is ibuprofen OK on an upset stomach?
Weirdest place you've ever been picked-up?
Why did Michael Jordan change his number from 23 to 45?
tell me all you can about X MEN 3?
Is it true that Neil Armstrong and team landed on moon?
do pk stocks ever recover ...?
Why is the ocean bluer in the Caribbean?
can standing by a Microwave Oven give you cancer?
how can we make cilcular buffer in C?
Who is the wicket keeper of England cricket team?
will there be any living things on titan?
Do you think Christy Hemme should be in TNA?
do you rent books?
What email address do I use for the UN Secretary General?
Why r u so gay?
Problem...!?
why was the piory of sion created?
Iraq war death toll?
how to attract a pisces?
How to become an executioner?
Is This Why He Is Still Single?
do you take someone for granted?
Why did the cat go 2 the north pole????
what does taurine mean?
what's your biggest fear in life?
Noone answered this why?
Bond valuation?
How do you upload your picture on file or the internet?
Who are the Leaders of the Green Party?
economics question need help about Growth and Out put?
Which is the best University?
Question for Muslim Women about the face covering?
help! i need to find the title of a song?
Why can't the sky be turquoise?
What are the 5 largest cities in the world, by population?
Best places to snowboard in california?
What goes with Ray?
Negative campaigns?
Please help~*~*~?
Is there any animal that is born pregnant?
Why are my hands shaking?
Which States are recruiting teachers and offering incentives?
how do i  report my landlord for changing locks for my apartment?
What did Jesus mean with this promise?
is it self-pity?
why do we not observe solar and lunar eclipse every month?
why is the square root of 3 rational?
what is the best website for music reviews and info?
Where can i find information on singer Governor Washington Jr.?
What's it like to have only 1 wife?
who's ur favourite goalie during this World Cup?
wierd pain down "there"?
How many home runs did Hank Aaron hit as a DH?
Myspace Music?
Where are all of the Buckcherry fans?
is a cat the same as a garbage truck?
Nirvana song Dumb, remade!!!?
Regcure license key?
how to be anorexic?
How can i get my hair to grow back?
how can i survive being a third year student nurse?
Is fog on the ground, or in the sky???
What will he do?
what do you mean by "baby boomers?"?
divide 9/10  12/5?
is personal faith the best kind of religion?
George Bush, McCain, Specter, Hagel,?
"The worlds hardest riddle"?
any suggestions?
How far is the blind spot away  from the fovea?
For serious Christian only!?
what causes "Pins and needles"?
What is prison like?
10 pts if u answer this?
why do a lot of boxers have skinny legs?
why are guys so insensitive?
Do your chain hang low?
Acetic Acid dilution question.?
where can I obtain a standard industrial code?(sic)?
Hi im a scorpio  is there any out here??
Displacement Vector?
who is the coach of the miami heat?
why doesnt my flash player work anymore with explorer?
how would one go about doing the vulcan grip?
how old is pele?
Why does and steel ball sink in alcohol but float in mercury?
who plays guitar?
Weight Watchers or South Beach Diet?
Can You Say BIG Scam 911?
toughtest drill sergeants?
Mind control?
When you bang your knee why do we immediately start rubbing it?
Why was the Union fighting at Gettysburg?
survey- what do you call october 30th?
what is the freezing point of neon ?
Why does my monitor keep going off?
Web Page Design?
How come I can't feel my soul?
I need the web site to that scary pic?
What is the hardest test or examination administered in the US?
Hard Riddle #3?
What qualifications do i need to become an accountant?
What would you do???
my period was late what does this mean?
Tell me about Buddhism and Christianity!!!?
Proper English: How important do you think it is?
Coupet or Barthez, your preference?
how many medals has sara hughes won?
what are freedoms that the united states has that r good?
Is something out of wack here?
How can I find this type of guy?
Reincarnation.?
how can i find out where i was born?
how do I access eye in the sky   satellite?
what is raw?
does happiness depend on you or someone or something?
How is everyone today?
Howmany cm dose have 1 meter?
what's the mining of tolerence?
Who are some basketball players born in Florida?
videos like youtube play then stop why?
any embarrasing moment?
have you heard of Alanta Lotto.inc?
Ok, then would you eat THIS ONE?
What is the perfect Valentine's Day gift?
Latina buttocks?
What is Sean Paul's car?
Can a orthodox girl marry with a hindu boy?
whats the maximum that some1 can reach?
What is my last name?
Are MBA admissions consultants worth it for US applicants?
what are the superstars in smackdown vs raw 2007?
Why do people bite their nails, especially when they are tense ?
what is the origin of this universe?
What is an extended desktop?
whos ready for snowboarding season?
Can you answer this question?
Who hates Chuck Norris?
Who would win Big Daddy VS Bruce Lee?
Why do men wear neckties?
Can you spare a shilling?
What do you look for?
Guys, does he only want sex??
Should i start marvin harrison?
is it wrong for girls to wrestle in highschool?
Good Trade?
where can I find the world cup live on the computer?
can some one help me?
iPod Help!?
Adorable Brain Teaser:?
Help please-?
Anyone know of cheap health insurance for a college student?
who is the fastest roller speedskater?
Dell Optiplex GX1?
What would a wife do if her husband ate all her cookies?
How to reduce Delivery Cost?
Who was the greatest pound for pound fighter of all time.?
punnet square?
Are bisexual women more erotic then straight women?
why do most men think they have to be slobs?
I need to write an article ?
which one chris brown or ne-yo?
She's married and i can't get over it?
Does your bank?
when will L.A. get NFL football?
how can i make my chat room fameous?
What was that called again?
what is 25% of 156.000$?
Name one rap songs that best defines today's society.?
what is the most bullet resistant substance on earth?
What do you think about this show?
Where is a place to get a free e-mail address?
When is a light bulb at its heaviest?
what is the nicest thing your husband does for you?
How do I prevent sorness due to cycling?
Do you think Umaga should go against dx?
what is repeat measurment?
Have you seen my tax return?
why do you think the Mayan civilization came to an end?
how do you catch lincod?
which should i write my paper on?
ever have a new battle with bulimia?
top 10 sporting events in world history?
Why are Australian soccer fans such cry-babys?
what is the best football team in Turkey?
how long can contractions last before you start labor?
Euclid's 14-th book?
a sample of a purpose statment of your business?
An Army of One???
What is the difference between love and lust?
Do illegal zombies have the same rights as legal zombies?
who will win the ladder match at wrestlemania?
What is the mythical creature that is a lion with wings?
Where is Donner summer?
How are SAT/ACT scores reported?
How I Get My life partner?
Is there anyone that is depressed? Why?
what is meant by koottu_karan?
13yr old boy kills innocient man?
Origin of Hinduism?
Java algorithm help?
Worth the Price?
what is a ph test?
Which is Ireland's best university / IT ?
why rockers are pessimist?
did anyone read the hobbit?
What is a mother board?
Is it true Hilliary Clinton might run for President?
Is Denise Austin a fembot?
Internet explorer 6?
What do you like most about climbing?
Does Jessie Mccartney live in Michigan?
Who is the best basketball player of all time?
potash????
what are metal soaps?
systems of inqualities 2?
whats ur favorite color???
Do you smell your own farts?
How did French kiss get its name?
according to Islam what was the original language of mankind?
Who will win the Stanley Cup?
Are these your reasons for opposing gay marriage?
What does addled mean?
how world find Pervaiz Musharaf?
What education do I need to become a CEO someday?
why is there more static in the winter.?
Will Argentina win the 2006 World Cup?
Is anyone out there country music fans?
How do you spell Jesus in hebrew?
i think i need help with my anger problims?
what is the circumference of the arctic circle?
what is the difference between dvd and vcd?
How can one be happy in this world of tension?
what are the safety rules in tennis?
What is Catalepsy?
What is an EKG and how is one administered?
Do all nuts grow on trees?
Why does British humor fly straight over the heads of Americans.?
How far is the center of the earth?
What happens to chlorine in water?
you can't stop laughing!!?
What is the world record for live goldfish swallowing?
i want to make my friend a girl friend?
Who will win the World cup?
What is the difference between a Priest and a Spiritual Master?
Have you ever employed the use of the "escape" call?
Where is the best place on earth to invest and migrate.?
how to join mubaihangout?
cost to run a car in NEXTEL CUP?
War on Iraq??????
what better kiss or no kiss on a date?
anyone have any new business ideas?
Kurt Thomas for Channing Frye?
Brazil or Argentina?
~*~Third Riddle Anyone~*~?
is this true??
what do you know about this word ( Mohd )?
Who is the worst person on the Earth???
How might regional specialization be a disadvantage to a country?
What's a really cool and tough nickname for a girl?
rainbows...?
What's the best all natural remedy for losing weight?
what will be Benfica - Barcelona match result ?
where is your house?
please evaluate timeshare rental companies?
Are you there?
Is that really a black man one the two dollar bill?
Can governments invest into hedge funds?
i wish to put terms and conditions on my website?
how many hours you browes or play computer everyday?
Any Martin Truex Jr. fans here?
What is the biggest window in the world?
why soccer is not that popular in north america?
Anybody know which painting supposedly has a UFO in the background?
My friend complains she is fat?
Do all people's blood taste alike?
through what oceans does the equator pass?
What to write in best friend's birthday greeting card?
what is it like to play a pro sport?
Adam, Eve and US?
guess score???
How can I get a date with Jennifer Love Hewitt?
how do i find a sig?
What organisms do not require oxygen or glucose to live?
Can people really choose what to believe?
funny joke?
What does this mean?
wanting to sell old photographs?
Prevailing Winter Winds in Brecksville,Ohio?
How sexy is Omarion?
C-100s Condenser Mic?
How can i stop bitting my cuticles?
Why are boys so hard to understand and so confusing sometimes?
what kind of romantic gift can i make for my boyfriend?
Is this guy interested in me?
Any guys out there hurt by their girlfriend's abortion?
Anyone know about night golfing in Wisconsin?
Help! I am "Lost"?
what are some easy ways to relive back pain?
Why is a women's prison called a penal colony?
which is the world's largest or most populous black nation?
How do I detect and replace corrupted Windows files?
Do Puerto Rican women like Black men?
Why cant I sign Into yahoo messenger?
Chemistry help please?
who was eddie slovak?
what is the best free music downloader thing?
Who do you admire the most between the following entrepreneurs?
How to learn english effectively with a short time?
IGNOU MBA is available in Sultanate of Oman ?
how do you format?
Answer this openly, honestly, and respectfully, ok??
what do you want for christmas?
Casting Crowns?
downloading help?
An icon disappeared on my computer. What should I do?
Marriage or no marriage ?!?
What aspects of chemistry does a crime lab analyst deal with?
What exactly does profit sharing mean?
Does anyone know Matt Paulhamus?
Average daily workout routine for body builders?
Freelancer SEO Services?
how do i get to leval two?
Find the first and last terms of the following sequence:?
who gonna win the 25 cup of African nations in Egypt ?
Anyone born on November?
Did ya love "That 70's show" finale>?
Corel Draw software headoffice in which country?
Who is bhasa?
Was Gen.Patton bumped off?
in terms of project management what does the word procurement mean?
What are the best qualities about an aquarian female?
What is supply chain management?
Did Jesus Die?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
how do particles in a fluid exert pressure on a container?
Where in the world does El Nino  mostly happen?
1acre = ? Square Feet?
Is tatum bell starting this week?
Best Gay Fantasy?
Who won mvp defensive player of the year 2006?
Difference between BTEC and ASET qualifications?
anyone know the name of this song and who sings it?
what's wrong with these republicans?
Im in PA and looking for help can send pictures?
What Color?
What president was orinally a king?
the 5 general symptoms of somatoform disorder?
Need some advise please?
Do you have a sample marketing plan?
Any ukulele aficionados?
How can we impressed others to us?
how do you become a computer expert?
Burning DVD...Help me!!?
Abbreviations?
Where can I find a sample written proposal for a religious grant?
Harder to talk in real life, help?
What are reliable and real work at home options for moms?
how to become rich like Bill Gates?
wat ru  doin one best wins?
Signature move (ORIGINAL)?
How do you split your internet connections?
why do guys wear boxers ??
Where did "Fart Nibblers" go?
Whats the main difference between J# and JAVA ?
What is the best way of moral training of my students?
True or false?
How can u put 5 huge elephants in a mini car ?
what are the happenings last july 19,1994?
how do you go on burnout 3 online help?
Straight or bi?
Does anyone have the golden cup photo of FIFA 2006?
How do you convert grams to teaspoons.?
Christmas present for my brother?
how do you have a good sense of humor?
what kind of councelling does a doctor use?
have u ever loved some one but they hated u?
what is the oxidation number for KMnO4?
simplify the following?
Jews and commandments?
wroking hard and try your best neven give up?
I wanna become a DJ...?
walmart bennifits for employees?
Whats so bad about a New World Order?
infected tooth?
whats with lost?
Math question?
Does anyone know a lot about The Scarlet Letter?
where can I find how much money a dvd made?
do you get worst at sports when you reach 30?
how can i make sure my long distance relationship works?
who is instrested in swimming?
Do you know how many sorts of pollution in our life?
do prescription pain relievers really expire?
Is he interested in me romatically?
help !! I need some advice!!?
the second time you have sex does it hurt?
what is the different between osmosis and diffusion?
why are girl's arses bigger than guys'?
thurstone test?
Anyone one of you lots studying medicine?
did alexis malone go to college?
What is Bin Laden thinking?
ifeel that my crush is embarassed of me?
Limewire question-experienced user please?
Is being a teacher a requirement to coach high school basketball?
what is the recent treatment for schlerodorma?
new girl: satan?
How long do you think it takes to have sex?
what is the pill Mylan 147 used for?
Which countries are the most lousy ????
explain the importance of section of algorithms in object design with example?
where are the best snowboard conditions in 2006?
how to mAKE MONEY?
why do farts stink?
Will and Grace ----- Whose Baby?
How to start share trading from home?
Try to solve my pboblem?
a course to learn the latin language?
Does it erase after 7 years?
can i change from homosexsual to normal boy ?
movie Lake house original screen play or based on a novel?
When is the best time to marry?
Whats ur IQ?
Do you think Rocky Balboa will be good?
which burns faster a scented or a  regular candle?
Breast Augmentation?
do you think the US is not good at soccer?
Switching to Ubuntu?
Where does the phrase 'up the duff' come from?
What is good for a person with low iron?
how can I find a good paying modeling job?
What is VSB voltage on my computer power supply?
what is your country?
what exactly causes fire?
why the eraserheads disbanded?
why does my computer restart?
Does anyone remember a magazine called "Misha"?
Is it right to resist foreign occupation?
I want to ask a christmas question,details below?
some mythological help??!!?
depression?
anybody tried iE7 beta?
whats your opinion?
Why I don't have female friends..?
Is Tom Brady better than Brett Favre?
What movie is this from?
what is louisiana state university college known for?
What is the social significance of gender according to Freud?
what is the portal drained viscera?
have you met your one & only ?
who is your  best metal  singer?
what is involved in forensic psychiatry??
Comp troubles?
credit card?
What are the responsibilities of a teacher?
internet flirting?
are liquid or smoothie diets healthy?
How do i know i have breast cancer?
how do i replace a lost deed to my house?
how many different combinations of offspring can 2 humans produce?
in what was was the actual Constitutional Convention Democratic?
How do you know if a guy is into you?
Socket unterface for connection-oriented concurrent server?
Why do the police seem so helpless against criminals?
which large venomous snake is the coolest?
Are there groups bigger than galaxies, such as groups of galaxies?
Is it normal?
who really crashed the planes into wtc?
Wht are violets?
Any guys from Britain over here , just curious?
why can't an astronaut cry?
Why do teams play testimonial matches with Celtic?
is there an afterlife?
can you teach amoebas tricks?
read this joke...#3?
What is a trademark? And why do I need one?
what are the actual syptoms of chicken guniya?
What are your plans for the holidays?
My girlfriend hates that fact that I masturb@te?
What was the event that led you to start your own business?
How do i sign up at gmail.com?
what are the disadvantages of using geometric mean?
how do i get a guy to like me?
Can teenagers go see a dermatologist?
Why Rip Hamilton has mask in his face?
how much money is jerry seinfeld worth?
any ideas for jobs?
What's a kingdom hall?
What were some causes for the U.S. Revolutionary War?
What % of 22 is 12?
question about drinking lemon water?
for you terrorists as armenians must be killed or not?
what can substitute for gasoline?
What would be the best reaction?
Did the Vikings choke on draft day?
Why Can  I Not Have An Orgasm?
how to earn from home by data feeding in computors?
Is big foot real?
want BIG BOOBS???
what are the cons of nuclear energy?
how many spines do sea urchins have?
Do you think Nick Lachey got screwed over?
Who were the judges of Israel?
what is this salary problem in the NFL?
What do you think of the UK?
Which exerts the greater bouyancy force?
are there any people search engines that are truly free?
online storage briefcase---------?
any ideas for motivation to exercise?
Did Communism start with only a few people?
Random Survey?
How do you convince someone to stop smoking?
why after going all the way and mutually satisfying each others desires?
Is human cloning a sin?
Ani DiFranco setlist 11/11?
origin of the laundry baskets?
How do you get Yahoo Messenger to run ?
why dont my windows xp find my network card?
is radionucline bad for you?
why do i feel guilty after masterbaiting?
what exactly go the agnostics believe and why?
who is the best basketball player who never won a NBA championship?
how do you revitalize cork fishing rod handles?
Pain tolerance/threshold?
will my 7 string tuner tune my six string?
is there an over the counter medicine for ringworm?
how to avoid hyper tension?
i need help for mothers day?
What is your relationship to your spouse like?
What should I do?
Can anyone tell me?
how do i unblock a myspace user?
how many liters are in a cubic yard?
who is gonna be with Argentina this sat ?
What do you think of Liberals/Democrats religious methods?
Why is the U.S so good at soccer?
Was Bush what America really needed as a president?
Why is the earth's core hot?
Is Captial Punishment ethical?
Will Bush get impeached in 2007?
do you like sport?like the champiom league?
where do i download the latest Yahoo Instant Message software?
Anyone Majoring in music?
Did Roddick win?
Which state in india is known as gods own country ?
Have you ever asked the loving Father to reveal Himself to you?
How to connect desktop PC to a laptop via USB connections?
infantilist?
charmed is over!!!?
who are the congress man of philipin?
How many US representatives are there?
do u think bush will win the next election ?
who is CEO of level 3 communications?
how did Bridges help improve peoples lives in the 1800?
Layoffs VS Wage Reduction?
Can all men be absolute equal?
what is counterpoint bass?
Who thought De La Hoya was going to lose?
The Taming of the Shrew?
Solution to immigration?
omar carranza?
how can get in a turkey chat room?
so ex-gf problems? can someone help?
my friend was raped?
which professional athletes have the highest fittness level ?
Can anyone explain this CORE JAVA project in detail ?
Whats the link between Madonna and Nicole Kidman?
hi where the mic in yahoo new?
Help me understand this!?
Which one do i go with?
in which continent are the fiji islands?
Is life generally easier if you are attractive?
Who likes going to school?
What are the most famous stocks people are going for now?
What can be done to improve India's bowling attack?
Does your Congressman or Senator have kids fighting in the war?
How much do you trust your government?
Do girls prefer a bit of rough?
what was bushes gpa in?
huw do  i get  free  antivirus  for  my  computer?
Stupid Programmer Joke?
Does anyone know what happend last night/this afternoon?
Error message when opening web pages?
what artists specialise in the sea ?
does pablo aimar has a wife????
The most romantic song you've ever heard?
Isn't the Bible Aesop's Fables?
Is the Cheney hunting accident a typical accident that occurs in hunting?
how to write a letter to your landlord that your moving?
Is applesauce good for a diet ?
Am I the best girl in the world?
why do girl like love poem?
Balancing my hormone?
who in here thinks omarion is cute besides me?
Greatest Rock Vocalist ever?
how can i build a volcano for school?
why does the female clit get hard during sex?
Aristotle question?
Where can I find the Navy SEAL Physical Readiness Test?
afternoon to you...?
Which "bryophytes" form a protonema?
What is the difference between universe and galaxy?
What is your most favourite (philosophical) Quote??
are u a good kisser?
what is massionate jewels?
Who's the greatest guitar player of all time?
Will he think it's a date?
What causes recession of the gum line?
qui est : bonavÃ©nna.?
What does "aks" mean??
Borat movie......?
Pittsburgh Steelers?
what level of business is most likely to use an ESS?
Can someone give me some infomation on Volcanos?
what's the name of the French soccer team in Paris?
why people doin love?
Doesn't "expecting the unexpected" make the unexpected expected?
What is a good site to get icons for AIM?
is this essay a good start?
Should I buy a new graphics card?
Please help me with this song.anyone?
God is the only one that can answer this?
what is the meaning of breakdown region in electronics?
What is life really about?
What does my dream mean?
What has 5(sometimes 4) hands but is normal?
Who will be the world cup winner 2006?
Can you metion me some PERL features and application?
how can i get a better butt?
Does anyone know some intresting facts of France?
How would i answer this question dealing with derivatives?
Walmart or Kroger?
What river runs west to east across the northern part of Italy?
What would it take to convince you that God exists?
forcasting software for a bigner with explainations?
Mythbusters practices questionable science... anyone agree?
Can i give immodium to my 6 year old son?
where can I download windowsxppro2004 online?
i'm looking for work from ?
Has anyone heard of remote viewing ? Have you tried it ?
Is the movie Griffin and Phoenix any good?
having problems playing dvds on my pc?
Is the outsourcing the only cure for western businesses?
Am I being unreasonable?
AIM.....help...?
What is a great business to start?
what is OLE and how is it useful?
what we now that some one love you really?
What is the country where Roberto Baggio was born in?
How to network home computers?
why is the harbour bridge considered famous?
Can you help me?
Is there a doctor in the house?
how do i install a hardrive?
why has gold prices risen so much in recent times?
why r guys jealous?
Do You like???
What caused the Russo-Japanese War?
does anyone know any diet pill that actually work?
I have had MRSA for 22 years help!!!?
What is the actual first day of Spring??
How do you make torrents in to a DVD?
Anyone hav any opinions on the treatment of Rodney king?
christmas presents for teen chicks?
please answer this question and ill pick u as the best answer?
Help with daughter's excessive facial hair.?
Which portions of our population are classified as vulnerable groups?
i just found out my guy friend likes me.?
Do Christians believe in extraterretrial life?
what is the problem in public education?
Why do people ask what is the meaning of life?
what is a Hindu classs???????
how painful is a tetanus jab?
who put the bop?
are uk citizens allowed to live in eu countries?
Homeowners Association?
What is the Nothing Theory about ?
who is great a programmer or designer?
Who is the new secretary of defense of the Air Force?
What is the phone number of the Italian embassy in bankok?
whats your favourite film of all time?
What are the three largest organs in the human body?
stp cabling? how to do ?
Send Holiday card or pull from list?
what are powers designated to each housea of representateves?
who owns obroi hotel group?
side effect of smoking?
what time is it where you live?
Illegal Immigration?
why isnt spam or spyware illegal?
What is your favorite song by The Cure?
Do you think Quebec will eventually be an independent nation?
Do teachers get to stay home on snow days?
Is 360 share pro worth it?
how thick is earth's inner core?
how can i get a graph based of air pollution?
Do you tell your friends?
is America REALLY a democracy? synonym?
i would like to download music to my pre paid phone?
Modern Equivalents of older Bands?
how do i track application usage?
For all wHo Watched or Watch Buffy?
how do i get free money?
Why do you think preps people think they're better?
Which great river flows south through the North Central Region?
What is a good IQ score?
What is this Green Day Song?
what is there in mars?
What is 4 1/6 divided by 5 =?
Who is the current senators of Jacksonville FL.?
What is a b-share analysis?
whats the best way to say i want a divorce?
what can ido about hair pulling?
what are the best communilism sits?
writing a new bible?
How Can I Keep on running with blisters?
Do you prefer Love or Sex ?
why cows dont fly :D?
Why is everyone so mean?
have you ever woken up coughing or choking?
What happened to Limewire?
Seriously ill prisoners in police custody?
Forwarding e-mail using copy and paste.?
"Dialup coding in cpp"?
why is pyridine used in organic synthesis?
how does a electromagnet work?
What is the web site for free real estate evaluation?
Could this be essential tremor?
My friend needs me to take care of her daughter?
Do you have fantasies about John Carmack?
Does anyone know good websites to find information on the mayans?
Spinal tap?
ineed feedback on wedding ideas!?
Movies depicting Sexual Sadism?
have you ever rode a horse?
Why is RightWingWhacko retarded?
am i right??
how can i get credited for outside us bachelor degree?
Did Anyone Hear That Donald Trump Wife Just Had A Baby?
good love songs sang by woman?
Which is the correct use of "lusting"?
Help!!!!!!!!!?
Who should I Buy and who should i drop?
what are the compisitions of milk?
How do you pronounce "adieu inter"?
How many stars on the flag of East Timor?
Whats the better film Kill Bill 1 or 2.?
please help me!?
What foods are alkaline and which are acidic?
what is  king?
price of lamar blazer 1570 snowboard?
Who would you pick as your first three choices in Fantasy Football?
My visa petition has been approved now whats next?
Calculating working hours with excel template?
Hows your Head?
do you believe in true love?
who here loves the show Criminal Minds?
What is ionised water?
would you marry a guy that comes from another country?
How would I write out this math word problem?
Will the muslim world ever respect human rights?
do some women love to swallow a mans cum?
apivore food?
why do neutrons escape?
I NEED YOUR hELP PLEASE?
What is the Lycee Francias?
Did Chihuahuas decend from wolves?
Who do you think is going to win American Idle?
are there any 7-star hotels in india?
The Tigers or The White Sox?
Do people still think mental illnesses are caused by demons?
character foils in much ado about nothing?
How is Top 10% determined?
Which remark do you think had the greatest impact on the elections?
will u correct one more paragraph?
what do u think of this?
Are you a fan of Mary-kate and Ashley?
what is the different between erase,remove and delete?
how many men in an Army battalion?
When did WW2 begin and end?
What is my onscreen keyboard?
Find the missing side of a triangle?
wher is taj mahal located?
why do people?
How are storms formed and how are waves formed?
What is The Job Of A Ribosomes?
What college do.....?
What is the average life of a major league baseball?
Should Muslims pay for security costs?
I cried, did u?
Can you name any one legged England footballers?
Search engine submission?
What anti virus software do you recommend and why?
Can someone explain to me. What is a strong women?
Please Help?
Hoe vs Housewife?
zodiac sign picture?
where is the web site for cheri magizine?
which u.s state has the lowest highest point?
Who is Phillip wrigley?
why does my computer do not have any sound?
what is the reliability for backbone topology?
how do i get teacher job in USA?
which bank is the best for personal banking?
Guys Only....Help?
Should the age restriction for Yahoo Answers be set at 20?
Have there ever been any in the park grand slams?
a pro football player steve knight?
Should gay men still be banned from giving blood?
Do you do wicca magic?
HELP photograph program?
Brief explanation of Cumulative Density Function?
How can I save a DVD onto my hardrive?
which folk singer gave the kiss of life to asheep?
Has anyone been to a Landmark forum?
is the nose connected to the throat?
vacuum bellow for gatan ion mill?
Hello Americans, I have ...?
Help Me Plz!!!!?
what do u think about italian/ sicilians?
do you have porn in your pc?
did I just fart?
how  i can send a masseje?
the great wall of china borders the gobi dessert.?
Does Microsoft continue to develop Internet Explorer for the Mac?
how can you delete an icon that snuck on desktop?
how do you cope with I.B.S?
Who are the last 15 NCAA Men's Basketball Champions?
which football player do you like most?
Is Lebanon headed for civil war?
Is the universe and ordered or chaotic one? why?
what is the width and the length of the uterus?
what's the relationship between science, technology and society?
how many bridges are in Europe?
what is java byrever b virus?
Do you think we need  third VATICAN ?
How come whenever you dial a wrong number, someone always answers?
When is the optimal time to post christmas cards?
What is the tube held open by rings of cartilidge?
Is it legal to take parking meters home with you?
earn degree?
What is a gadget play in football?
What is the reason God left africa?
Any guitar tutor in delhi.?
how would i go about investing in stocks?
What are the differences between Russsian and Belarusan languages?
Should Inmigrants get their work visas?
sonambulence,definition?
what is the heart doctor  going to do?
Here's a joke for ya.....?
what is a bosh head in laboratory apparatus?
burning a downloaded movie?
Would you rather be overly neglected or over protected?
And you wonder what is wrong with the families today.?
how much anual rain fall does Czech Republic get?
What its a burning sensation under  the throat?
Who is the best baseball player of all-time?
what is a kiss like?
Is the world cup going to be televised in HDTV?
From which country is Ronaldo?
About Botulinum Toxin  injection?
Oh where oh where could my baby be?
sterilization techniques for women.?
the most famous industrial engineeing school?
Is virus a protozoan?
wanna be my friends???
Who played with Barry Sanders on the 1997 football team?
how to feel happy for longer than two days?
Why are Christians, Jews and Muslims so filled with hate?
waaa i need help please!!?
can a machine know?
What are 10 things you accept about yourself?
Here's one for you...?
Reply ot mail on Outlook  Express?
Treason? Bush?
How to do MBA  ?
Serious question: Rape, how is it really possible?
who is a prophet today?
Crimes that should be punishable by the death penalty?
Basketball or Softabll?
Please what can you say?
Which pays teachers better Montessouri or traditional school systems?
when is the next fed meeting for rate increase?
You have software?
Why are people against the war in Iraq?
Insane Murderers?
what is .5 x 10 to the eighth power?
how do I tell my boyfriend he's bad in bed?
I'm having back surgery and I'm scared.?
What does MVR means ?
why does your throught get dry?
What do you think of these???
DDD's would be nice?
How many sides does a snowflake have?
When it comes down to business and wages?
When does your penis stop growing?
Do you have nice?
What is it?
is become a helping verb or the main verb?
Can true, lasting happiness ever be achieved? How?
how does school activities affect highschool students?
What should i write in my speech?
guidelines that can help meet food's requirement?
Mythology Buffs?
will the cheifs make the playoffs?
what is Gods name?
Is talk about sex over the internet is a form of cheating?
Did anyone hear something about June 6th this year?
Is there any website that can suggest my company name?
Are you looking forward to Pudsey?
Is any kind of reading good?
anyone had gall bladder surgery?
What is your theme song?
Who thinks that England will win the Fifa Word Cup?
How can people sit and talk about golf?
How do you feel about Gemini's?
hey whats up?
I dream of tidal waves?
Do you like school? and the homework too?
WoULDNT YOU AGREE...?
what is the best college football team of all-Time?
what is the prospect team wich will win?
dull pain in left side lower rib?
What does a workhorse do on his day off?
if you work overtime?
What future developments in sound technology will not rely on computing technology?
question on genetics?
What is the Domino Effect?
who wants peace when they tortured u?
how could I learn Oracle properly with right steps?
what yahoo mean?
how can I know if an e-mail address exist?
why do they like the blondes?
What color is pooh suposed to be?
Is the Gateway  CX210 Series any Good?
should i nare my arms or shave??
my girlfriend broke up with me....?
Need input on Excel functions?
What Band would want to see reunite?
Who is your favorite Entertainer?
What is Gorambhi?
what type of dress?
nuclear power in iran.yes or no?
How do I go to the Kids choice Awards voting section.?
which is better? malaysia or singapore?
why would my mother in law eat out of our garbage?
Is Spontaneous Human Combustion just a myth?
Does the friendship between men and women ... really exist?
Market value (Salary?!)?
Is North Carolina the best college team?
terrorist! or sterotype!?
how to add music on msn space??
what generates our wind?
Does anybody know Yusuf Estes???
Is anyone with me?
What Celebrity do you share your birthday with?
what instrument is used to measure cloud cover?
What is the ONE thing that you regret?
describe the role of the spleen and marrow.?
What is 'modularity'?
What is Guillermo Vilas doing these days?
is homosexuality caused by the environment or is it genetic?
Who in here cares about HUMANITY???
What is a good thesis statement for Hamlet?
Military Police?
Ever owned or driven a 59 300-E Conv. ?
Do you move on after a 3 year relationship or wait?
Preparing a Solution?
hatred aganst your own race?
How many squares are in a chess board?
What are the earliest known citations of Biblical Texts?
how can i find a job in USA ?
Ron Dayne???
what is the best way to propose a girl?
Anyone know any nun jokes?  They are so funny?
HELP.......Please?
how to write business proposal?
what are pounds when it comes to weight?
Why did Hitler kill the Jews????
about college football in the 1920s gettin started?
Favorite Colonizer-Colony fantasy match?
what is the right way to spell predijuce?
about prostate?
why do guys deny ever having feelings for a girl?
why cant I download SP2 from microsoft?
Atheists rioting in the streets?
with a felonybecoming a veterinarian?
how do i search for a persons history or business history.?
where can I find information on birds in new york state?
will the lakers get kevin Garnett?
windows or mac??? what is better??
who scored the first ever goal for bolton wanderers?
jog or power walk?
What should I get my sister-in-law for Christmas?
how many tatoos does angelina jolie have?
How fast and radically is the global climate changing?
why do people become goth?
Cars during the Great Depression?
What is the real number for autism cases?
Do you think my avatars cute?
internet wewbpages free?
does having a ghost in youre house scare you?
Why can I not connect to any chat room?
Please provide your proof that there is no God.?
The eariest Chinese writings were??
Should the Raiders' offensive line be charged with attempted murder?
what a functional of relay (electronic component)?
Can Premaritial sex be discovered after wedding?
driver software for iomega 30gb hdd?
How do I shut down a computer using Java?
greatest democracy?
what is the hardest word to type?
how do you create a zip file?
biostatistician?
Penis Size?
what are ways to prepare for golbal warming?
safety topic on net?
Why is Princess Letizia not popular in Spain?
For â€œWashington DCâ€ what is the meaning of DC?
What does ungas mean?
WHats ur opinion?
how can i convince myself that he's gone?
pictures of wounds?
shoulder injury - cortisone?
Why do people do stupid things like join the military?
What is the name of the OTC medicine...?
Where is Ireland?
Why is the sky blue?
What race was Susan B. Anthony?
What is the name of that cartoon...?
who is the number one gangsta in the NFL?
How has the Internet changed photography and videography?
who has the best interest rates for a home refinance?
will i have a boyfriend?
how much is comic book superman #1 worth?
whats faster?
Who is the star of the British TV series Doc Martin?
What is the cause of arthitis?
in baseball what does TB stand for?
What is Optician? Technical or college course?
who is fast furious prelude girl?
Out of these, which do you think is the best gift?
what is green revolution actually?
yesteday resulat?
How do blind people know when they are done wiping?
Does any1 have this song????
Are stepparents responsible for punishment?
how can a 15 year old make his dick bigger?
Name and explain three key members of a campaign committee?
how many stars do we have in sky ?
why should I bring my sack lunch to work?
How to convert 15milligram to milliliter?
My smoke alarm just went off for no apparent reason. Why?
how many devices does an EIDE disk channel support?
Do you believe to vampires?
How do u know if a guy has lost his virginity?
Is there any other reliable company doing business like paypal?
people . . .?
How did Manny Pacquiao decide on boxing as a career?
a phone number for rps courier usa?
Sonny Bono. Have you thought of this?
Can I file a quiet title action without an attorney?
what is the most lovely pose of sex in mating.?
I am so confused! Can you help me?
Is it raining where you are?
what about solaries?
Is the highly-regulated world of tobacco advertising fair?
Why do people insist on arguing about things they know nothing about?
during what time is the 20 century?
which Michigan politician is James Dobson talking about in his ad?
Does anyone know in detail how gasoline is refined???
Which fighter would win - Johnson or Ruiz?
physics homework problem: center of mass?
Is it true what they say about Dixie?
How do you know if a guy likes you.?
what is the normal time period for man before it comes?
Where Is Beals Airforce Base located?
Christmas Suprise!?
here is a sample of my poetry?
American commentators during Italy VS US Match?
what are porn sites?
How does your body know how to tell you who you like?
real problem need help?
How wide is the Amazon river at flood stage?
Illegal music download. Anyone knows a site?
What is your favorite quote, and why? Who said it?
Have you had the Lap-Band procedure?
How do I explain the Scientific Method to a forth grade class?
opening ac t for Madonna in Vegas next week?
how do i get the right guy in my ife?
what do girls like most?
Chemical processes and regulatory mechanisms of cells.?
2 tickets in 3 weeks?
who won the 1966 soccer world cup?
how do i get a credit card?
why cant i find the woman of my dreams?
dissolution of marriage?
best generic drug companies to invest in??
what actor is 5'3?
i cant find any fat girl photo sites?
Area under a parabolic arc?
Can I Start Any Application Before Shutdown ?
how could i bag my next job interview?
About how much money does a psychologist make in a year?
Which is better AP classes  or IB classes?
how to know that u r in love?
Why is the USA such colse allies with Israel?
does anyone have any good describing words?
who is the number one astrologer in india?
Do you agree with the settlement with Iran?
Generally speaking do men & women cheat for the same reason?
Would Iraq truly become a Democratic country??
For Trillian users only, please!?
What do I do if I want to lose weight?
why is impossible to reach light speed?
What's a Renaissance man?
How good are tablet PCs?
why we react as there is no word like dying and death?
Why are kids punished for being smart?
Why people don't believe in God ?
Differentiate imigration and immigration and it's effect?
every one has a dream i have found mine?
What are the basic qualities your boyfriend should possess?
Building/ Office Space Acquisition?
which ocean is currently grwoing in overall sze?
Do guys tend to prefer blonds over brunettes?
what is the main trade union for health and social care?
having couple of gril friends harms your attitude?
case of blind's wife?
solubility product/potassium hydrogen tartrate?
how do you feel about monarchy?
How do you make a mirror?
What teams did sammy sosa play for and years?
which is bryan adams best song yet?
Is diet pills not good for our health?
Do you support .xxx domain naming legislation?
How tall am I?
Christians Only!?
What are the names of the two founders of Yahoo?
Is it right?
Very light period?
Is this 6th of June really a big day for Satanics?
What's meaning to oppose republic to democracy ?
Word challenge?
What is Goldbachs conjecture?
Who is the worst between Blair and Thatcher?
I need the economic background for the Nile River?
what happens after a parcel is shipped with FedEx?
how do u make yur page at my space.com?
multifunction printer with film scanner?
What holidays does Poland Celebrate?
how can I become a diplomat?
About cavities...?
who won the 1968 oulton park gold cup?
Who agree with that?
how can i get out a membership with bally total fitness?
Should all of us~~~~?
Do u believe in ghosts? have anyone seen them?
I'm getting married next weekend....?
Are you psychic?
Word problem help please?
crying ??????
what rymes with orange??
Nursing Homes in Wisconsin?
how long does it takes take to heal a sprang wrist??
Who discovered the tilt of the earths axis?
How Much is a signed Peyton Manning UT Hat?
Molestation?
What was the basis for the present calculated mass of the Universe?
funny joke?
what do ladies hate most about a guy?
how do astronauts relieve themselves in space?
Has anyone been able to pay off their student loans?
What is the most beautiful mathematical equation?
What does this mean in an online message? <3?
will the oilers make acome back?
What is the height of the rim in an NBA game ?
What day does school start in India?
how many blocks are one thousand feet?
what is mac?
Are there other fans of the band called The Samples?
What is Equipotential Surface?
What websites do you visit to waste time??
Steel is an example of a useful...?
how do u get rid of lice?
Is the new Guns n roses gonna come out this Tuesday?
Is looking at porn bad.?
what should i do?
i am suffering from piles what i should do?
Why was Coach Coker of Miami  fired??
Anyone taking the antidepressant prozac?
What can you take for a clean urine test?
another question?
is it a withdrawal symptom ?
please help me to find a new car?
Do you think drums are easier to play than other instruments?
whats kanye west's email address?
What do you make of this?
What is the cost of a breast reduction?
Why do you think America is not part of the Commonwealth Games?
how can i become rishest person of the world?
do you agree with the electory college?
what is wrong????
examples of small business in the philippines?
Who's your favourite singer/band? and why?
Bjork fans. Which of her songs is your favorite?
Which team will win the UEFA Champions League this year?
Can anyone tell me what rowing mashine I should buy ?
What should i do?
anyone who has suffered or is suffering with depression?
Do you have a middle name?
Without using a calulator, please solve and explain?
why do cockroaches die on their backs?
anyone see today's Simpsons?
How did the former Ohio State football coach Woody Hayes die?
how many fundamental particles are known?
Mexico vs. France whos going to win?
Why do boys fall in love more than girls do?
i want to know how to get information about nba players?
A few astronomy-related questions...?
How many different religions are there in existence today?
where can i get free legal advice ( indian law )?
Who sees the MUSLIMS as an international threat?
What happens to the boy in Lost series 2?
is cheryl miller a lesbian?
What books or techniques can I use to understand organic chemistry better?
Is there such a number as 200 billion billion?
what is the LCM of 375 and 50?
What is density dependent growth?
is it wrong to be a lesbian?
How do i change my computer from 16 colours to 256?
broken hinges?
Need help coming up a conclusion for this essay?
where is the best source for valentines ecards?
Nascar Question?
you smell what  the DUDE is cooking?
What is the difference between a sore throat and tonsillitis?
What is 2 plus 2?  I don't know/?
How can I bring a woman from Mexico to America?
when was mirror invented? what is a mirror?
what is your first memory  of politics?
what is gymnastic activity?
How do I enable Javascript?
Who will Green Bay's new quarteback be?
what are good crafts that kids can give to their parents?
women like sex from syria phone number?
how do airplane fly?
Name 4 PAM modulator ICs.?
how do you make your penis bigger?
I need your help with this please?
What did Jesus mean by saying:?
how do i cure toenail fungus?
ok what are all the bases for guys?
What will be done at the  free cholesterol screening?
Who are  the best Asia pitchers in the  world right now?
rivers close to odessa texas to catfish?
How do i become a high school basketball referee in NJ?
Thesis Statement??
how to form sentences with the word "enable"?
How about this question...?
How to erase unnecessary thoughts from unconcscious mind.?
what does nitshia mean?
what is the definition of karst topography?
What am I going to do on Sunday afternoons until Daytona?
Republicans.  What do you hate about Democrats?
What is another word for "dubious"?
Is it okay to live in illusion?
how can you loose weight?
What do you read when you're sitting on the toilet?
Is it true that cancer is actually many different diseases?
Who was the man on the silver mountain?
How Do I become A Model?
Looking for the movie The Castle with Robert Redford?
has anybody ever met siegfried and roy?
Breast Reduction?
who are u ?
What's the song for the Korbel commercial?
What is the life expectancy of the average garden snail?
tell me about CBSE RESULT 2006?
What does "head girl" mean?
The fastest and slowest growing trees?
need images and footage that is free public domain for usage?
how to cope when a girl reject your feelings?
a question for racist people?
what color is pigs blood?
How can I improve my tackle form?
does your name have j in it?
is this for real or a joke?
Why are home recordings always bad?
list of corporate hospitality brands?
what is facket?
Is the moon located in the solar system?
has anybody made real money from internet answering emails or surveys.?
In American why is censorship done in this way?
Who drank all the Gatorade?
8th grade algebra?
iTunes - halted downloads and payment?
Does NJ really smell?
what is your favorite song for this year?
Can dictatorship make democracy?
What's the meanset thing U ever did?
Looking for Dr. Neil Pepa from Australia?
Which states in US have no entrance to any lakes or oceans?
What organisms were first to reproduce sexually?
how do you know if a guy likes you?
what is "basic numbers"?
what should do a lover to save his or her true love?
Do you think Barry Bonds will retire?
What did you get sent out of class for?
How is the Bush Administration getting away with his actions?
What is the best new golf driver to buy?
How do you handle being jealous in a relationship?
How can I start my own business?
what does it mean when I urinate often?
i have read that muslim terrorists  blow themselves up?
Name some automobile companies based in England ?
Is it bad to be a hoe??
will i get married, have a family with kids?
Is Brian Urlacher nice?
many filter feeders in the ocean eat this?
where is the website I download song to my cell phone?
Is American Grammar going down the Drain?
are you high or are you just having really bad side effects?
Does President Logan on 24 remind you of Bush?
New England Colonies???
how can i sue my city?
Does anyone know of some humorous sites?
Is anybody into skateboarding?
how can I scan negatives with an old scanner?
need advice! about drama at school ! what can i do?
what is sales managament?
asian girls and white guys?
nontraditional way of fiancing school?
Who is responsible for this quote?
Where can i find a free virtual hard disk?
are reality game shows more entertaining than anime?
what is watt current?
What is the Open University?
Whats the very first thing you remember ?
will i get 1 more boyfriend?
What is it like to be a bat?
does anyone know john tavares?
who is the first king of chosun dynasty?
What is the best book on how to coach lacrosse?
Teeth grinding...guard recommendations?
Le togo plus fort que le brÃ©sil ?
what makes a political system democratic?
what is epublishing?
Is it ethical to clone Jesus?
Did god call in sick today?
Is Biochemistry a lot of study and very hard?
What do you think hapends after death?
Weight Loss help!!!?
Legit work at home companies?
why peace's lost in this world?
Why do females emotionally mature faster than males?
information on getting a divorce from a prison inmate.?
Oh my god, ladies i need help!!!?
Do I need a license to do M&A in California?
What's your favorite Billy Joel song?
what is the best godzilla movie?
where do i find answers for the comed-k 2006?
What is Tiger Wood's present home address?
Can you Describe the "Crime" ?
Can I download full music songs on the yahoo site?
Why is the plate tectonics theory so important?
whats a better sport?
Who sang the national anthem at the 1997 FA cup final?
Any facts on Zimbabwe?
if you had to pick?
Have u ever wished u had superpowers?
What is my name in Polish?
was flash gordon ever known as tom gordon?
Do you think that intelligent life exists beyond Earth?
how to add my site to DMOZ directory?
Jedi to be known as a religion?
how do i get yahoo mail in outlook?
Movie Quotes?
What the best plan for iraq right now?
Why do tennis players blow on their hand?
What was the reasoning for this?
How does journal bearing works?
are humans carnivors or herbavors?
my computer is infected with spyaxe' anybody help?
where can i download music with parental controls running?
do you thank ecw is going to stay long?
teach me signs of secret attraction(body language etc)?
Chris M. needs to "get a life".?
Who here likes Marilyn Manson?
help me wid football plz !!!?
civil disobedience speech topics?
How do suction cups work?
do you remember things better if you hear it or see it?
13Th!! birthday?
For guys, what makes a girl irresistable?
does anyone watch..?
Why are some people double jointed?
Whats going on???
the word is...?
Should the U.K. desolve the monarchy?
where do i get complete trigonometric functions list?
Phone number etiquette? How do you turn someone down?
What do you do when your dreams are shattered?
Is it honestly bad to smoke pot and if so why?
Where can I learn about Holistic Health???
can you cry underwater ?!?
Where did AIDS came from?
Tylenol PM?
How can WEB contribute to improve democracy?
Spcialisation in which is better in MBA?
my flash drive will sore longer then a day?
Stunning fish?
Visually, how big is Antartica?
How well do you know your lyics ?
Where did the rubin sandwich originate from and when?
What do you think the downfall of America will be?
Can I write an email to the president?
Who was the first African American male TV show host?
why do women look at men's BUTT?
I need help?
which brand of ball will be used in 2007 cricket world cup?
I have been having weird dreams lately.?
Never been Kissed?
whats ohio's population?
diagnosis stomach problems?
Does Anyone Know An Ex-Nun?
a,b,c or d? question?
Need help from Taiwanese speaking person.?
Does anyone know?
What is the sign for Love in the Native American language?
Computer Problem?
Yahoo Widget's?
what is the decubitus position?
GERMANY WoN?
Inherently good or iherently evil?
Which zodiac sign is the best, and why?
Why are our children failing in the Public School System?
do any of you like soccer?
What do you think of President Bush?
why can't i get on utah county jail site?
What do you think of The Automatic?
my discman!!help!!?
Which episode of friends is your favorite?
i don't know why I'm her friend?
Can zou translate this?Is this spanish?
what came first the egg or the chicken?
when is valentines day?
Baseball!     isnt it just "rounders"?
Who is your good friend in your life ???
What requirements do i need to fulfill to sponsor an immigrant?
How do you get passed level 17 on Bubble Trouble?
Wha is qwerty?
Justice of the Peace-what do you think about it??
What is the Biblical definition of the term "Christian"?
What is the data organized in ascending or descending order?
how come north americans are not so bright?
what causes a hicup?
Should TNA become a brand of WWE?
what are the types of tansformer windings?
What are some of the best careers to enter as of today?
How is Bush comparable to Hitler?
What is a good brand P C Mic?
Olive oil soap?
Is there any web sites that show live medical operations ?
package for boyfriend in iraq?
What do u mean by jasper?
How many are single?
can I listen FM songs on computer?
what is weathering complex in soil geography?
what is clitoris?
this is gross,but have u tried this?
Is the story  "Wolf Girl" true?
What did white people do when slaves were caught escaping?
Need a loan? 59.90%?
Can a sinner make heaven?
why does every couple  fight?
Why do political parties have to exsist?
Training Tips for Tennis?
What is the definition of a computer?
10 weathering and erosion facts about mars?
Does anyone know a good food allergist in NC?
What size was the largest gal you dated?
opt out of junk mail to your home?
Is Lil'Kim sexy or nasty?
Who is Joseph Jenkins, former pro football player?
Should snakes be called reptiles?
what is a person called that starts and owns there own business?
Where do you go to?
whats the best pickup line?
Who is the actress that played River Tam?
How can you get by site blocks in school?
what's the last joke you heard?
PLZ heLP!!!?
Lewis dot structure?
If you could buy me anything?
Do you think American medical system is the best in the world?
is charlie hunnam currently dating anyone?
can you trust your best friend?
What is the difference between girlfreind and wife?
should you date someone who is with a girl already?
What is genetics?
What are the important ingredients of a great TV show or movie?
Science i dont get it?
what is hell's kitchen?
Any suggestions for returning to my old job?
Should they take Jo off of Supernatural?
Who will win today's 16 MLB games?
Why is Internet so addictive?
original computer administrator account?
Explain Mutual Funds?
how deep is the sea?
whats the biggest orgy party ever done?
How can i Find A free Active csm proxy ?
whats a good way to be able to jump high??
Who watches the tv show 'Related"?
Why do men feel the need to flaunt their assets?
what is roleplay?
Happy Feet!!!?
what is ANOVA?
how do i change the colour on the top tool bar,?
Do girls go for big guys and why?
Do you swim on a swimming team.?
how long has hockey being around?
Why Space has exactly three dimensions and not more or less ?
Why is the sima layer found beneath the sial layer?
declarations page on the PAP?
is it possible to wipe clean?
is swallowing swimming pool water bad 4 u?
Do children who talk with imaginary friends commune with the spirit world?
Ester Bonds?
Are we alone in the universe?
how do i get my husband to clean up his messes?
Why doesn't the United States have an official national language?
why are there too many skinny boys now?
what function does the heart provide for our our body?
what does empty footed mean?
My cousin needs alot of help =]?
Why does the color of fire on burning wood change color?
Which football player do you like???
where can i buy golf clubs in orlando?
recent breakthroughswith plasma blood?
Numbers Question?
When was Fleetwood Mac formed?
What is the name of the Desert the Donner Party crossed?
16-year old asking for advice on girls?
About our precious Islamic month of Rabi ul Awal?
For married women only??
Who will win this year Uefa Cup ?
"What was the Academy of France?
who is ganna win the soccer world cup?
why did the chicken crossed the road?
porn or me?
Who Was Bob Prince?
the best way to come out of the closet?
what happens after death?
What is it with virtual memory?
Disney Channel Movie....help!?
what do u think about buddists and why?
who does vacuum resin impregnation in ohio?
a1c and testing?
What is an air pocket?How is it formed?
i have a ?
Will Bush pull the troops out of Iraq before his term ends?
which qb to start?
Cheating? Guys what do u think?
This is about RACE?
how to cut segments from DVD into mpeg?
can my boobs still grow more??
Is God against strip clubs?
whats your favorite type of music?
Any one know how to get over the emotional pain of abortion?
Should I worry about calories or just proportions?
what does cerebral spinal fluid do?
OK we all dream, If England win THE cup?
Hank Williams song?
Does anymore know of any good blog site?
i need help on proxies?
what is the purpose of fifa?
Do you like Jon Bon Jovi?
activatingwindows  xp?
Information on Mars?
wouldn't have you any other way?
Does any Scientist really know what kind of substance light is?
How do you want to die?
What SMELL brings you sweet memories?
Host nation of 2010 FIFA World Cup?
Stew Diet...?
Do you think the bird flu will wipe us out?
how do you view mothers as socializing agents?
What rights do you have when leasing property?
FIFA Trivia.?
how can i start a babycare ceter.?
How many laces are on a football?
Are there organizations that give credit for schooling in Ethiopia?
I need help! Serious only!?
What is the purpose and characteristics of a data dictionary?
Do you think America is democratic enough?
Need help with an iso image file?
Is devry a good university?
why cant sex offenders be  tagged  for life?
Did Pete Rose gamble on Reds games?
whats some information about the single bureau report?
bio help plz~!?
do you think in space theres a world like this.?
Does anybody ever walk for at least two hours every day?
Do you think Taiwan is a country or a part of China?
What is the coolest website you've been to today?
Why are there so many atheist?
What do you think about this?
Why were flags flown at half staff today in MN?
Question about a cranial nerve....?
How are politics best settled in a socialist and communist economy?
wisdom teeth?
what was the college that kobe briant went?
Do Dental assistance get raises?
colon cancer sex?
what will america do with iran?
how will the lakers do next year ?
an invertebrate is an animal with?
what is the to 5 schools in guilford county?
Do you think Janet Jackson?
how do i find science research topics for 5th graders?
Tell me the significance of women who wear ankle bracelets?
even the most what rose has thorns?
Why do u not marry me?
what are the side effects ?
in god we trust?
newspaper Massena N.Y.?
why type of players are your favorite?
Does Tony Oliva belong in the Hall of fame?
Why does the sun have solar winds?
Do you guys like country girls?
searching for the nursing home named the country home  in new jersey?
what is a semi-private golf clubs?
what are the symptoms of a urinary track infection?
read i already posted this?
history and future of linux?
A question about birth control pills?
Who do you blame for the high gas prices?
Reasons for staring?
Who is your favorite american idol?
Cystic Fibrosis?
why gulliver is very tall?
Ladies over 22 please help!?
Who determines how man should control this power of nuclear missiles?
any comments about Las vegas Real Estate market ?
whats the life expectancy for people born in 1985?
stolen off my lawn?
what is the best song/album put out by HIM?
Do you believe there were fairies???
Who do you think the best singer on Now#3?
What song parallels Act III of Romeo and Juliet?
Anyone ever heard of Credit Solutions??
What are the best exercises for developing your shoulders?
How do you burn 2 bin files?????
What time is it at the North Pole?
Tell me about the Caribbean Court of Justice?
what is the meaning of OFW?
how do i get a horses pedigree?
Does anyone know where you can watch Charmed online?
cabinet members of the phillippines?
How long does it take to train an Iraqi soldier or policeman?
Which muscles are being used while riding a bicycle?
What is  theCCCP?
Why do we call tiny spiders money spiders?
What a Woman Don't want in a Man?
South Africa 2010?
transvestite people living in northwich cheshire?
Who here watches Court TV,and what is your favorite show?
Psychics I need your help?
Racially proud question.?
A displacement is most likely to occur with?
how do i find out v without a?
Anyone know about artist?
Real Estate.?
can anyone name the first weapon to be called artillery?
why do men have nipples?
what are the names of the marx brothers please?
Who is your favorite band?
how to see the God?
Whats the devils telephone number??
Am I a useless piece of _ _ _ _?
what is the feesof engeneering in 2006?
What is minimum wage in California?
Would you rather...?
Are there any foot drs out there?
Can I make fire if I rub my fingers together?
what shoes should i buy?
What is the largest religion in the world?
Where can i find large pictures of the MLB team flags online?
Razor Burn?
explain jp court to me, please?
inforamation system?
do you believe? first love never dies...?
From where can I obtain MINERAL ORES?
Just For Fun...?
how many people have  mor points than 100 or 200?
What Could be Wrong?
Is it possible to be allergic to water?
which do u perfer UNC Tar heels or Syracuse?
Happy birthday?
what historic people hate George W. Bush?
how can i earn money at home using my PC?
can human height be increased after 21 yrs of age?
what is the difference between a dark and a goth guy?
Can any one teach French free?
how did the priestess Io die?
Can playing to much video or computer game make u dumb?
will we be in the world cup final?
what do peanuts grow on?
definition of child care facility?
Why is Condoleeza Rice an evil witch?
Perpentual electricity? what is wrong?
what are some nouns that begin with the letter U.?
why is this?
how to use airbars when biking?
What is the Mark I Computer?
What is the bast way to please your man?
How many digits of the square root of Pi can you list?
how important is zinedine zidane to his team?
3 People You'd Invite To Dinner?
safetiness in school?
what are your views on interracial dating?
how much water is a person meant to drink per day?
what should we do if someone deceives us in love?
out of 100, how many men go bald?
what is the cuurent price of envelope stamps?
Why do people yell when talking on a cell phone?
what did you get for christmas?
Does Windows Vista have any version for 32-bit processors?
late vdai on a budget?
Does Ryan really really really like me?
Why do black women....?
why can i only answer ten questions a day?
What is the best gift for a 21 year old birthday girl?
anyone tried mygym fitness system?
how i control my feelings?
how do i get my pc to load pages faster?
wots it like to have a baby?
what's the importance of brand names to retailers?
Who is Shanon Miller in USA athletics?
I would like to download some sheet music for piano?
why do male soccer players shave their pubic hair?
Why is President Bush untouchable?
What do you find most mysterious in life?
Is Disney run by mormons?
why do ppl do sex?
Costs to ship a Mnt bike from USA to Canada?
I want to learn Networking online?
emails where can i find the correct email for a person?
Boy Problems..?
Christmas Trees in Sparta,NC????
why my heart cries when I think of God?
What is the point of algebra?
Where does the term "typo" originate?
What is a Punjabi Prison Match???
Do you know what could be wrong?
how to know if someone is a masonite?
black powder rifle kits.?
what are the potential health and safety risk when monitoring??
Friday Morning Trivia, see how many you know?
what is exosmosis?
Where should I get program codes in Visual Basic .NET?
What are the requirements to become a Minutewoman?
Is lewis-solutions a real company?
What does Islam say about depression?
sugar cane promblems?
Proactiv Alternative?
How do I bypass login details and go straight into windows?
does United Kingdom needs republican constitution?
Goldberg v.s. Brock Lesnar: who would win?
If my daddy....?
Why scarred people are beautiful?
Greatest Baseball rivals?
no dates??
What signs are compatible with Taurus (Female)?
how can i tell a girl that i like her?
What types of drug testing exist?
what do mineral rights consist of?
insomnia, what to do?
what is success? give examples?
Why do mothers tend to treat the younger child better?
How to decrease fatness?
Problem connecting USB device on Compaq laptop?
how do u clean a LCD laptop screen?
seriously, I heard...?
dusty baker??
what is the fastest car and what is it's speed?
what is up with musicmatch jukebox?
does anybody know the name of the song from van wilder?
how can i erase the addresses in my web file?
How do you de salinate urine?
Youngest scorer in a Soccer World Cup Final???
how to get rid of excess water retention?
Can someone please explain me the blowfish algorithm?
How can I become an MCSE in one month and where?
how does christian theology account for....?
what is the use of spectrophotometer?
why dont we feel earth revoling?
dry, red scaly skin spots?
what was do Spanish Armada mean.?
what is your favorite band and why?
tell me about indian stock market?
what is the average number of seats in a movie theater?
God exist ,Where he comes from?
If your good at math heres a tricky one?
what are the long term restrictions after a herniated disc?
What happens as the ozone layer becomes thinner?
Are there other sites similar to this one?
someone who knows about dreams?
Has anyone been to or considered attending Moody Bible Institute?
chevy cavalier manufacturing flaws?
Have you ever heard of?
For the ladies....?
Why Women/Gals Take long time in Bath room?
Can anyone help??
Questions about the University of Phoenix?
wat does lodgistics mean?
is their any free websites to download free movies and games?
diet wafers?
Did you know that congress recently voted down a minimum wage increase?
Why the merchants call today "Black Friday"?
who is Lloyd Newell?
I need help finding extremely inexpensive health insurance!?
How can you tell when you are in love?
Was the religious reformation in Europe purely economical?
George W. Bush?
Stop with your hatred?
what are the problems and prospect of small business management?
Are Italians/Spaniards racist against East Indians?
seventeen.com?
Easy and best IQ test?
am i solely responsible for how my communities functioning affects us all?
How can you get the chemical acid or make it?
how easy is it to file bankruptcy since the laws have changed?
Another NuvaRing Question?
How can I learn to like ME?
Adobe and Macromedia?
Why are Marines so cocky??
what is the significance of the 5 olympic rings?
Is Mike O'Connell to blame for the Bruins terrible season?
How do today's fashions shows social or class distinction?
FMC Modeling?
Why do so many black male celebrities prefer women with light skin?
Why do power stations use water?
Fertility pills?
can you predict 4 team to win in the premiership today?
are you sure that you are going to go to heaven?
What is the average weight for a 12 years old?
Candida and depression?
Why do Japanese people hate me?
can you sneeze without closing your eyes?
What is the full form of CTC,used in employment?
what's the best way to get a job?
What are tenants rights regarding inventory and cleaning of the property?
X-men, the movie?
what is the daily life of a doctor?
UCAS form?
why computer halte?
Does anyone use alcohol 120% ?
What is the worst psychological torture you can imagine suffering?
Is it wrong to share something out of the bible?
How do I contact Senator Rob Simmons of Ct.?
Should Rusty Wallaces #2 be ritired?
what college qb holds the most ncaa records?
who is your best football player ?
Where can I get photos of NU soccer hazing?
what do u do when you become an aaliyah angel?
Who will win the FiFA World Cup 2006 in Germany?
where are sum41?
is jesus that same?
How much did the movie Fast Food Nation cost?
Why are some people so unthoughtful and heartless?
a question for ladies..?
Is India really in the middle of an economic boom?
Britney or Christina?who do u like more?
take this antiderivative?
How did the Supreme Court challenge the New Deal?
What have you to say?
mitchel johnson-australian cricketer?
do i need to be certified for HIPAA?
who is the best soccer player thats a boy?
Why do I get a frozen picture from a live camera site?
Does the seagull bigger than the dove?
is moon getting away from us?
what can i do about my bleeding varicose veins?
what was the first man made invention to break the sound barrier?
who would honestly vote for Hillary Clinton in the next election?
how can i?
i need advise for myspace im new!?
IS GRAPHITE A METAL?
got a funny joke about politics?
Why do SOME religious people...?
hey is it true that Nick Jonas has a Retainer?
what goes through a door but never comes out?
Who Likes MxPx?
How far away can you see a jet airliner?
how do make manips?
Is this website true???
what do you do all day?
To ask or not to ask?
how does disability through the military work?
i found how to lose weight?
GOLD,how do you know??
Can u guys help me out with some inspirational music?
How can I make 800 dollars?
What team is your sleeper team this year?
What is your Favorite TV show?
That is 40,000 pounds?
How do you make pharmaceutical drugs? How are generics made?
Is there a guide on how to make a wrestling belt?
What's your worst santorum moment?
How does it look?
what is a bagass?
I need help!?
Who is the most recognized person in the world?
How can i be  an authorize dealer of brand name products?
Angels and Demons font?
how much is a beer in latvia?
What is your favorite Greek God/ Goddess?
Whats the best way to work out?
how tall is daniel radcliff?
how and from where i can download kazaa for free?
Name the top five bands of 2006?
MTV's Made?
why are there so many stupid questions on here?
Which team will be the strongest in this years world cup?
softball anyone?
does call centre experience count in MBA?
Endocrine System vs. Nervous System?
15 area and 18 perimeter?
Why does Major League Baseball not have any female players?
In very good health?
sharing your problems with your female partner reduces your tensions?
What does a rainbow ring around the sun mean?
Urban myth or not?
what does relavistic physics means?
Any good places in Toronto to hold a stag?
any one got msn?
What is gona happen the end of global warming?
Do you think the decison to play Rooney is correct?
army reserves basic training?
i m graduate & alone ? 2 do?
Is Kobe as nice as Jordan?
aspire visa payment?
How many people outh there can actually spell?
what do the numbers stand for in your social security number?
What do most woman prefer shaving or waxing?
Is she a good friend?
what about the news casts??
any dermatology or skin doctors around?
Which is a better quality in a president?
Why did she get complain about this?
Passions Soap Opera Question?
What's a hatrick?
Who has the most brains Orlando Bloom or a sheep?
what can one expect during the first gyneacological examination?
who is the most famous Icon in German history?
What country was EL Calvo born?
Algebra help?
how is math used in the olympics? explain?
ado in delphi programming language?
Where can i find mid files?
Who will have the tougher conference this year?
whether you believe in god or not.....?
How do I buy IPOS before they trade on the market?
how to set up a exterior modem?
why is amusical performance called a gig?
can you give me a blended words?
Does anyone have info about the medicine Concerta?
Does the NBA sell videos of games that recently aired?
Why do I get CSS Validation Warnings?
Do u think the right person was voted off American Idol?
what do i have to do to get another man?
Does sweat count as a bodily fluid?
Where was the TV series "The Swiss Family Robinson" filmed?
Have your heroes always been cowboys?
what are signs pf spleen problems?
how to protect skin?
Are there trees in Africa that resemble people praying?
what does "to shae" mean?
how do you upload a file to a web page?
what is the best way to be patient?
where can i find a dea number?
Question about writing a paper?
Why do lawyers "approach the bench"?
Hey girls, want a laugh?
its about time gay people were able to hold hands in public?
What do i do????
What's the best way for me to raise finance?
Will England win the World Cup and if not who ?
PKD anyone?
where did the temptations go to school?
what day is the Superbowl?
what's better thick or skinny  girls?
Who is New Chairman of Galasataray SK?
what is horny?
Is it illegal to brake the law.?
What fish sleeps in a slime bubble?
Why  not use the "check spelling"?
felony college?
Who was Apollo's mother?
i need some help!!!?
Who is the father of statistics?
What's your opinion on Gays and Lesbians?
pl help!!! we our in truble?
i need sum help from u ppl?
Why are are the leaves of my lemon tree folding up?
Will Sasuke become evil?
landlord problems?
tring to dowload using a torrent?
Who is the best athlete of all time?
What is a Nolan Ryan autographed baseball worth?
what is a donte?
Girls Only?
what is the secret of one penny auction?
should me and my boy friend still have sex?
Who is geeked for LOST tonight?
what is the length & breadth of titanic?
who knows anything about a author named Cher Gruener ?
T.I or Eminem?
who would win mysterio or matt striker?
What is the highest education needed to become a veternarian?
What's the best search engine for background searches?
Why are people So fake?
Why did curiosity killed the cat?
what would happen if your heart was made of skeletal tissue?
what is soap bubble?
a site that shows an image and the scientific names of leaves?
how to make a notes with more effective for studying?
Why did Rumsfeld cut 'n run?
this is for a book im writing?
luv dilemma?
How to email a sports game from a DVD as an attachment?
I want to teach English speaking,personality/confidence building?
Enlistment?
What is theaverage pH in drinking water?
What is your favorite thing to do besides this?
What does $78.99 USD mean?
Who has been the best Doctor Who, and why?
have you been on It takes a thief show?
for both guys and girls?
how i can become a singer?
which 2 rb should i play in week 12?
Who is the President of United kingdom?
Do you know any medicine for activate sexual desire in women?
Prostatitis?
Why did you come then? Only to go finally?
are you ready for the????
JANITOR has crush on 17 yr old?
Philadelphia Eagles Fans?
can anybody be perfect?!?
why do good girls like bad guys?
slept with co-worker and hes 11 years younger?
who do you consider as the rock goddess?
how do you stop wanting sex all the time?
How can I finish four years of college in two years?
2 guys and me which one should i pick?
ladies this question is you?
How much water should a 16 year old drink a day?
"Latins in hollywood", your opinion:?
Which do you prefer or think is better and why?
what vessels supply the pancreas?
my wife told me to get a hobby?
What is something that really turns a guy on sexually?
Where to find laws governing tax preparers/ federal and state?
What came first the chicken or the egg?
Okay then! Your Ideal world would be?
what's history?
is it a sin?
Why did the woman cross the road?
how do i switch my browser to the internet?
Are you easily distracted?
is bush a terrorist?
where can i find magnet songs?
this is for gals?
Why do some guys give all guys a bad name?
at what age should a woman stop partying.?
is there going to be a buffy season 8?
When will the world end??
Give scripture passages on human rights?
what is the best way to make your mother quit smoking ?
How do you feel about the yankeeS?
any regrets???
imogen heap?
How do I contact my Spirity Guide?
y is their pantie/thongs thieves??
which guy am i really falling for?
how does it feel when you have pnemonia?
girl problems?
statistics?
Anybody out there called Cartimandua?
What would be the effects of a raise to the minimum wage?
About Brownian Movement and matter (4 Questions)?
whats a mutual fund? whats the best?
What is your defination of happiness?
finals....?
Resignation, Relieving and joining? Please advice?
Any advice on practicing parkour?
Why can't you shower wearing contact lenses?
Who is the better team, Buffalo Sabres or Anaheim Ducks?
Best Defenders in the WC?
Details on Buttigliera Alta?
what is plural exectuive?
How long has it been since you?
what is a common-law partner?
A new kind of racism. Racism against whites?
What are the worst tv ratings for an NHL playoff game?
How to generate bibtex database entry from on line paper?
How images are produced in dreams without any light?
why is bush and blair idiots ???
what does AIDS and SARS stand for?
If a husband is beating her wife what can she do?
How can I lose weight?
Who is current police commissioner in nyc metropolitants area?
personal hygine among teenagers?
Can anyone translate (accurately) Ivy Queen lyrics?
is there a gay marrige ban in arizona?
does americans worship american flag?
what are The three branches of our federal form of Government ?
Whats the difference between burglary and theft?
VOB AVI Conversion issues?
What is your favorite piece of winter clothing?
What do you say to this question?
cabin fever anyone?
Who is Howard Schow?
Why do my teeth fall out all the time?
Where can I buy Celebrex online?
Is it okay to switch between brand's???
Is Morpheus.......?
gas and bloating relief?
Magazine for Engineers?
what happen to the chat room?
One Piece download..?
Has anyone ever done this? (google)?
where can i buy humalog insulin?
Does Chris Brown have AIDS?
Please help...?
what are the hotel expences in the us?
Why did God allow there to be a hell?
who built the telescope?
How is the weather where you are?
whats up with biocomputers?
What means "Open Source Programs" in internet? Thanks.?
i need help on my psp/ network update?
what do most girls really want in a guy?
how can i create an atomic device?
How do I explain it to my boss....?
Career question?
How to make this girl like me when she has another boyfriend?
Pregenancy question?
URL and IP?
Help with Url?
What is the best first electric guitar?
can liverpool win the cl this year honest opinions please?
websites  ?
Is there any women interested to sleep with an Indian male?
I don't understand why on earth we do this?
Have you ever felt like you were being used by someone?
what would u choose?
Olympic Woman Champion?
I am a LEO!?
concept map of biology?
enabling popups?
Can A Woman Black Out From To Many Orgasms?
How old is Earth?
How to make my business grow?
how cant ask a girl to be my girl friend?
Hey answer this plese?
wwe judgement day results for 5/21/2006?
Anyone called Roughsedge?
what is the biblical concept of physical education?
Why do I get naughty pics?
Bear Cruelty!?
Why does everyone think cheerleading isnt a sport??
Please Help my mind just not working today?
what is a blog?
any good programm to chance videos to avi?
Who will get your vote on X Factor this Saturday?
where is the position of the moon in relation to the sun?
how to set up a VLAN?
what would happen if the speed of light is very slow?
what is the cause of jock itch?
Find the GCF for 21, 35, and 70?
Can you be serious for ONE second, please?
Does it really matter  which direction the toilet paper unrolls?
Anyone remember this retro Camera commercial?
Who is the best high school baseball player from ND?
house loans first time buyer?
why do farts stink?
Can anyone recommend treatment for chronic sinusitis?
Who is the 2006 Memorial Cup host team?
How are we going to save ourselves from global warming?
Hark ;The herald angels sing...?
"What is the future"   .?
leg muscles?
How do you say "I love you" in Finnish?
how do you change your proxy?
pressure of 745mm Hg equals?
Were you affected by the recent SAT snaffu?
logical reasoning?
What is your path to happiness?
who thinks soccer is better then softball?
what is skimming casinos?
Is John Cena retiring?
How many peoples in the world?
please helpp !!?
chemistry - how to calculate average atomic mass?
What is the official net worth of the Papacy?
Immigration?
Can world peace be achieved and if so how?
Is evolution true?
how can i get a job working for the government?
am i being ..non understanding ?
Cut and run or stay the course?
What happend in Mexico in 1968?
Has Anyone Seen The Movie Mommie Dearest ?
how do i sign up for the instant messager?
voterez vous pour didier drogba?
Is pubic hair removal adviceable for men?
What happens at court hearings?
american idol??
Lucy  or Ethel?
How can i make an english lecturer as a girlfriend?
getting even with a sooo called friend?
What types of teacher do you like? why and why not?
I wanna write a letter to UN.Is it possible?
where is the annie malone parade held at?
looking for weekend math programs for youth?
expansion of mouse?
What is the difference between positive and negative acceleration?
What is employment like in Austin?
Does one  plus one always equal two?
Some adjectives plz?
What are fire related disasters?
when do you loved someone first time ?
should i move?
How Do You Know?
What should i do?
John cena is the what champion?
As a couple,did your relationship survive an affair?
i need love      u do?
How do you hit an approach shot in tennis?
whats the name of an aposite word?
Can anyone please tell me where can i download free music?
Help.......High School Drama?
vongo movie downloads  yeahs or neahs?
Why IRAN dont have nuclear energy?
Borat...Very Funny?
For anyone who has read the books 2001 and 2010?
how do you cheer yourself up when you are feeling low?
why sex is important with your significant other?
what is the freakiest thing you ever done?
Physical Chemistry Question?
what is a good persuasive speech topic?
At what age can you get a prostate exam?
PLEASE Help Again!! Is this normal ?
What is somatitis?
Where does cycle route 7 go?
How do amphibias obtain their food?
How do you clone a Robot?
where can I download free softwares?
Top Five favorite songs?
Should I believe that my guy is not a player?
Waiting for angio! Replies to your questions?
What are some great History Fair Topics for this year?
what is a under water volcano?
What is the best way to get back in shape?
what is cdma?
Did you think Jesus looked like the picture on your wall?
Italians copied Mexicans???
How do you kick the ball very high?
what does r]the word'anagram' means?
How to say sorry to a friend??
Immigration phone number??
Why do I have stomach cramps?
what ever happened to the HBO show Family Bonds?
why girls mind is different in thinking compare to boy?
What kinda love is this?
do you have any news about pessotto?
scincere request to attend my question..?
no real answer for wizetrade/4x?
do women have more power than they give themselves credit for?
what did the ancient mayans invent?
what is real analisis?
Why do developers in Bulgaria sell through offshore companies?
what political party are u in?
why are people?????
Was any US president not a Christian?
Can the police do this?
What a great way to make money to get out of debt?
what is paul robson's  stats?
I a military intervention against Iran justified given the circumstances?
how do i get Wasco Prison on my computer//?
Pizza for the blonde?
Absessed tooth?
"increasing prosperity means increasing happiness" do you agree?
why is speaking of single political culture within a nation dangerous?
Weight Watchers Core Points Question(s)?
A question to Aethists..?
How can I gain muscle?
what is  a discography?
Anyone have any really bad jokes?
Class Reunion?
WHO LIKE INUYASHA?!?
Panic! At the disco anyone?
think anyone would buy my love letters on ebay?
What is Spangdahlem Germany like?
who is saddam hussein?
Why Birdflue is a dangrous disease?
what is the difference between Gospel drama and community drama?
What is the proper size photo for a Canadian passport?
An experienced answer?
have to find low prescription drug costs?
Where can I get money for medical bills while keeping my home?
what year was the first olimpic wrestling mach in?
Can you catch a desease from a toilet seat?
what are the diseases of the heart?
Government policies affecting business operations in Nigeria of recent?
Lithium in water!!??
Algebra question?
What do you drown your sorrows with?
pc games from xp to vista?
where have all of the good girls gone in California?
Are there any single girls here is Leesburg, Florida?
What is the title of a movie with giant ants in it?
how do I format C drive on Windows XP?
How search engines works?
how risky is lasik surgery?
What is the difference between "below" and "under"?
What should I wear for a US Visa interview?
How do I revive my slow computer?
Is there any way to find a lost thing through meditation only ?
what would you do if you had 15 pets ?
How can I choose from all my crushes?
How do you burn a toast image on mac os x ?
Who else thinks the cruiserweight belt has become a joke?
Should postal rule not apply to emails?
Who will advance from Pool F?
Why is voting important?
drivers license refusal?
does it sink or float ?
nato jobs in turkey?
Do conspiracies really exist?
Penis lenght?
How many numbers are in a credit card number?
where can i download music and pay it on my phone bill?
Is there an easy to use podcast recording application?
Should Europe unite even more and get an constitution?
newly single?
What is wolverine's real origin?
disguise your phone number with another one.?
How many people live in the world?
Can you translate this German paragraph for me into English?
who is the best nba team?
Whats your favorite food to use during sex?
what is the book the statue of liberty holding.?
Does this make god immoral?
Growing human organs in a lab, right or wrong?
what industries will require copyeditors?
Pls It's urgent!!!!?
Where can i get free music?
what is buchaki?
Why do some people hate asians?
what can do i need to aboard an airplane?
what program scans with all anti-virus programs?
How do I get rid of an on-coming cold?
how do you forget a person you love?
Is anyone a libra?
who's your valentine this year?
what's the meaning of my life?
taylor or kat?
What is the average monthly temperatures for the state of Georgia.?
who is Moliere in the 16th century?
What happened in 1087 AD in Europe?
What do white men think about black women? Please read details?
All My Children Fans - Will Kendal ever wake up?
how do i shut off age restriction'?
lindey lohan?
Stardust sung by Frank Sinatra?
When doyou mail baby shower invitations?
Long distant relationship?
whats the difference between farming and manufacturing?
please help?
Do you believe in love at first type....?
Who else is tired of reality shows?
what is ego?
Solve quadratic inequality and write in interval notation?
Who's your favorite basketball player?
What are all the different types of vacuum cleaners?
Does Dell have a competitive advantage relative to its product mix?
pseudocode for the modified false position method?
Monica and Chandler or Rachel and Ross?
Where did the term "bellybutton" come from?
the 2010 world cup will be played where?
What is passive voice? How can I avoid it?
How did World War one affect people?
Wilfredo Gomez vs Sandy Saddler.  Who wins?
ppl IM me im lonley?
movies to be suave?
what is 801.xxn?
How would one get subtitled for any .avi movies?
HELP!My teen eats cockroaches!!?
i don't quite understand?
Should the Rolling Stones quit?
Who of you answered Donald Trump's questions?
I messed up my computer toolbar help please.?
What does this say?
whos gonna win tonight, unc or gonzaga?
by looking my picture,how old do you think i am?
How can I get over my fear of the dark?
is there any spherical magnet in the world?
Why is it that girls are more flexible than guys?
Who is tougher, Brett Favre or Lance Armstrong?
The buying and or selling of a business: What happens?
What determines your desireability in terms of mosquitos?
what is hemophylia?
Why do birds suddenly appear, every time, you are near?
was shannon hoon a hippy?
How should you describe your accomplishments in a job interview?
Does any man on this planet want to go out with me?
how do newborns get h influezae?
how long before kids meet Dads new girlfriend??
Why do you lose points when you ask a question on here?
are there interstates in hawaii?
what can I do to get bigger boobs?
Which do you think is most disturbing?
what is a "Q" format IN DSPÂ´S?
How do Computer virus's work?
Who owns Quail Run Apartments in Odessa, Texas?
Are you the person you want to be?
Is it fair to use animals for this???
how do i get t.v through my pc?
Why do people ride their bicycles on major roadways?
Will Rutgers defeat Louisville?
what's your favorite TV show?
the question is: "why"?
How hard is the 1st semester of College?
do you remember the millenium bug?
I  really need  your help!!?
My grandmother has a problem of walking?
are you all freaks?
Help please!?
Trying to find wholesale goods?
Should the Churches pay taxes?
hilarious riddle?
What are some advantages and disadvantages of getting a job?
what is a  surface runoff?
which site i can download music from ?
haw to open avi files?
What is gigabyte?
piz help me?
Punk Rock Band?
windows media player codec help?
what does  lang.thanks_recommend <  mean?
why is totally reflecting prism preferred to plane mirror?
what would jesus do?
GUYS= what do you consider flurting is?
i am in PAIN?
do guys think its cheesy?
I want to know about termodynamics?
What is the exit policy of india?
ANy poem ideas 4 mum and dads anniversary?
Is a comet really going to hit the Earth on May 25?
How rare is a color blind woman?
why is canada so liberal?
Who is the better ganguly or sachin?
personal loan scam?
egg drop experiment?
does anyone know where i can watch anime 4 free online?
What is the meaning of the expression, "saw whipped"?
My sexy long legs.?
how can I get work permit to nigeria?
if you are sick and you use logic?
what is port 1864 used for?
what is an ipod and how does it work?
what are the benefits of an absolute monarchy?
what were the major rules changes in the NHL this year?
what is the conjagate of 2i?
Download Intenet Pages?
take home pay?
What is the length of..?
Who sang the song entitled "so sick"?
is a 36B big for a person who's 15?
what is geology?
desktop wallpaper?
why is the digit 5 embossed in the keypad?
Does anyone know anything about Atlanta's Club Venus?
amI on line yet?
Do cartoons have uh well private parts?
what is the remainder left after dividing?
how come...?
Anyone Help with Macintosh Questons?
Anybody who knows about direct variation?
Is jumping on a trampoline good exercise?
what country can you find the oldest rock?
why life is so bad and make us feel upset?
how do you solve 12/4 - 4/5?
Does the universe have a beginning or end? Explain?
printer won't print!?
Can the increased use of ethanol lower gas prices?
What language do the people of Iceland speak?
where can i find rough diamonds buyers contact?
mango bark use in any sickness?
scholarship + men?
Jugement humain sur les hors jeu?
Is George W. Bush a good political leader?
does anyone own a myspace?
how idiotic is john cena last night?
I need the lyric of the song?
will i get married?
What are three strikes???
SNL or Mad Tv?
what did u do on Xmas eve ??
How many people are Jehovah's Witnesses?
how man records has tupac sold world wide?
Do you think Sergei Fedorov is still a star?
Where is Mike Greenberg's fan site?
Help me Please..?
Is there a difference between a state senator and US senator ?
Child Support Question/Public Aid?
who do you think wil win the nba championship?
why do people ask idiotic questions?
Backing up music on cpu?
can you bleach your body hair during pregnancy?
Can my apartment complex force me to purchase renters insurance?
Proactiv users?
How to convinced your good friend to quite smoking for good?
If they bring back a military draft, what will you do?
how can i be a good student?
how many think religious leaders ruin christianity, why?
What do guys really think about girls?
do you think gay marrige should be legalized?
Imagine yourself as president of USA ?
why cant we keep any of our secrets secret?
Does a traditional health insurance plan cover alternative medicine?
What is "normal"?
The Simpsons or King of the Hill and why?
what do you want to name your kids?
Do people with big ears have better balance?
removing unauthorized aol tool bar?
What are some ways a teen can make money?
How does a person from Europe obtain a work visa?
anyone else tried windows live mail?
ENT Physician in Akron, OH?
Are you pro legal immigration?
Is there a God?
Pictures of Chris Cagle?
What is the difference between effects and affects?
do you have free e_cards?
How should I view this Koran verse?
is this a sign of trying to control a person?
was President Bill Clinton impeached?
Why did this happen?
Why should u care ?
What are the 5 largest natural harbours in the world?
where does the word casserole come from?
When, if ever, is honesty NOT the best policy?
What is your take on what it means to be a liberal?
can anyone help me figure out my problem??
How can I watch the world cup 2006 games live online?
who will win the mvp award?
Beanie Babies. How to sell them?
what is the relationship between heart attacks and tall individuals?
how can I make business cards in my computer and print them?
which bmx bike should i get and why???
How do I apply for student loans? Does income level effect?
Do girls like men to depilate and which parts?
Math Homework.. HELP!!!!?
My arm starts to hurt while throwing a football?
Are you happy?
Can West Brom return to the Premiership straight away?
What's the best remedy for in grown toenails?
is french  or  spanish  better?
confrence ( for management student)?
ca e.trust anti-virus?
a woman looked out of her window at the sea?
when a guy.....?
Is there someone.....?
How many 18-25 year olds live in the UK?
how to socialize?
where can i find free gay movies on the internet?
Rank these four fantasy wide receivers for week 12:?
What do you think about this whole Duke situation?
How can i extend my stamina for soccer?
this guy i like at school....?
why is he doing this?
Will you dance with me?
What features of the opposite sex are you attracted to?
What are these sounds?
What role do free electrons have in conduction in metals?
Please read!!!HELP!!!?
how do i get a job in portugal?
COuld you let me know please??
Liposuction?
reconsiling is it possible?
Emotionally unavailable guys?
why maryland is best for education and all?
Where can I find Davey Havoc's bio at?
Way To Many!?
Do Mormons think that Jesus and Satan are brothers?
How to reveal the icon next to left?
what is the going rate to install kitchen cabinets in northern California?
are stars in the sky a light source?
how many ounces fit in a gallon?
What does D.T.P. stand for?
Harry Potter Question Experts Only Please?
what does the mean of  dean university?
Baseball excercises?
How do I get out of my depressed state?
We'll try this again..problems at work?
can view who views your profile on my space?
thick chicks this is for you?
why no bubbles in western blot?
Help Please?
What do Scientist s believe= what is ' Energy "?
how do I simply backup my PC and prepare for disaster recovery?
what would u do in this sit.?
can anybody tell me about bushido?
How about Judge Judy for President ?
an anti proxi site?
How many birds does Cheney usually kill on a good day?
Is this a good plan to stop crime?
does size really matter? girls imput please.?
can humans breath pure oxygen?
Who thinks that Dr. House is a hottie?
what is the human immune system do to fight hepatitis?
a writting assignment?
What are the different types of martial arts?
why do some chemical reactions produce a gain or loss of heat?
Why are people so obssesed with Howard Stern?
where could i find a reflector vest?
Are you bringing your "A" game to your life?
what do u consider to have a simple life?
How to write a sorry letters?
why did he ask me out?
wat is yo number baby?
Why do parents spoil their kids so much?
What plans have you made to survive the winter hiatus?
Are blondes really going to be extinct?
What are the charges against Anthony Eric Bradlsy?
how do i put video stream on my ebay listing?
is smoking and inhaling a cigar any worse than cigarettes?
how to prevent animal cruelty?
What does rie mean in Italian?
Is it self defense if I kill a baby killer?
Brad or Johnny?
how many of you...?
Bible says about Medical Treatment? you agree?
how can i download free dance-steps lessons;?
How does the Constitution define us as a people?
Y=(ax)/(100-x)?
How much pocket did you get?
what is the best music program for mixing cds?
Who will win asian cup 2007?
Gap between Islam (east) and Western civilitation?
Who wants a mercedes benz?
There Only one God right who do you serve?
who knows who is the most attractive girl in the world?
Can you describe life in one sentence?
What is the official language of The Republic Of Chad?
Where do I find a leatehr tetherball?
what is your favorite song by THE SOUNDS?
How do I deal with being young in the workplace?
how long can a average woman lift/carry an average man?
Who is Sony's business adminstrator?
How can people who have trouble making friends cope with crisis?
Derek Jeter....?
â™¥What can I do to make my skin healthier?
What are the best websites to find internships?
Will this be worth it...?
Anyone truly comprehend the following?
how fast and how long should i run a day?
How can I make a call with Microsoft NetMeeting?
Why can't I proofread my own papers?
Am I the only one who noticed this?
Does talking to plants really help them grow?
Are you ready??
I have wirelesss internet, but it always disconnects?
How Texas become a state?
and to brun belly fat?
should i quit my job at argos?
How long will the earth last for?
Did you see the December to Dismember commercial?
Nude massage center in chennai?
How is pro wrestling acted out?
Who's the best drummer ever and why?
Who will be the first user to get to level 6?
poem for the ladies, tell me what you think?
How can I write a letter to Cyndi Lauper?
I want to know about financial accounting?
The difference between Casual attire and semi formal attire?
what is 35/50 of 1%?
Does grabbing on arm, and other touches mean she is interested?
are you there?
Sikkim Manipal MBA Sample Project for guidance?
how is 0.23 g to mg?
How to conduct a constructive discussion at work places?
homemade costume ideas for preschool children?
How did joan of arc disobey her father?
What is the longest word in the world?
From each group does only one team move forward?
what is mac spoofing?
have you ever had a vaginal fart?
Math help?
is this normal?
Before they invented drawing boards, what did they go back to?
What is a styrofoam battery?
Why is the sky blue?
What is ballot fatigue?
What's the most you have ever won in the lottery?
what do i do????????
nurse coming across person with low blood sugar?
Do prions exist?
Do You Think We Will Get To the Moon Again?
what does the expression "Slave to fashion" mean?
Priests, buddhist monks and Hindu sadhus?
Extended Similes?
Suns or Lakers for the series?
Whats with all the Yank bashers ?
looking for rufus ayoade mathematician?
Dance with Same Sex partner?
how can boyfriend and girlfriend relationship be encouraged?
how to send an email to julez santana?
What is your sign?
Free The Bad Energy?
Write some notes about your ideal school?
how do i flirt with a gay guy?
Anyone know of any voice recognition software that is free?
VB/ASP to .NET     ?
does this note sound too desperate?
why do my ears pop in planes ?
where do i find making free website on msn?
who are the 2 best 3 points shooters in NCAA basketball?
Anyone WANT braces?
favorite singer/band?
how do you lose your love handles?
Who came up with the spelling for phoenetic?
Hi everyone. I'm new!!!?
Why are there no points for the best question?
how is the weakness teem in world cup 2006?
How do you cope with the emotional drain of being in debt?
what is a good quiz site?
What is the importance of a college education?
who is the most famous actor and actress at the moment?
what is a jelly plankton?
In what year were goal nets introduced into the game of soccer?
You Have A Dirty Mind?
How far does the pitcher stand from the home plate?
Does Accutane really work?
4 the INDIANS....?
What planet do you think is very strange?
Mac OS X - Automount samba share?
What is interference balance?
Good convo topics??
What is a voided check?
vietnam veterans and type 2 diabetes?
who is your favorite leader in the world and why?
military time?
what should i do for delayed startup of my computer?
what are the names of the teletubbies?
Diets for people with acid reflux diesase?
why aren't viruses in any of the kingdoms?
when is diana ross new cd coming out?
What is something that you refuse to joke about?
Does anyone know of a cereal that starts with the letter x?
Survey: How many of you smoke?
What is your favourite singer? Why?
Weed/Marijuana?
how to buy bond in malaysia?
what does niacin do for you?
has anyone got any good jokes?
Is there a way to find your decent from DNA?
how to lost weight?
What's the best basketball game for the Xbox 360?
Which football team does Robbie support?
How can I return my singing voice?
Does anyone else hate the football draft?
What does the turkey have to be thankful for this Thanksgiving?
piont not yet gotten to?
Anyone from Milwaukee?
who is excited about rocky 6 that will be coming out soon?
USA forigen polices?
who won the superbowl ?
is it harmful doin g sex with 2 people?
is MGM in Disney World?
Best places to go surfing?
are their other men who enjoy wearing panties?
has diana ross ever had plastic surgery?
myspace i need help?
Help me, I think I'm seeing things!?
I am a sophomore in college...?
Why can't some people read between the lines??
How does Black Friday work?
what is mirror formula?
does norton anti-virus 2006 slow down your pc?
Is it wrong to get an erection while getting a massage?
Is there a god for every galaxy? For every universe?
bwoun analizador?
can you guesse my ex's name?
Seriously. Why can't I forget her?
other word for sling shot?
wellington's(new zealand) post code?
what are differences between arabic and english language?
What golfer won The Masters in 1955?
how far is sun from earth?
how can i get software for (gsm)mobile programming?
Do you believe the media leans left, right or neutral?
Do whales really have small throats?
Who is 'alone' today' but not lonely ?
why do my periods hurt so much?
America, what are your thoughts about our country?
what is an organisation. is the family unit an organisation.?
How often do you brush your teeth?
Should I be a nice guy or a bad guy ?
What is a block picture story?
I need help........?
Is there an over the counter product for stress that really works?
how can i get my girlfriend to like me more?
what do Jehovah's Witnesses believe?
Hitler's world?
ladies answer me?
circuit city or best buy?
How bad must it get before Cubs management takes action!?
why are people so enthu about asking questions ???
Where is hikingpreach? Did he take a hike?
What is the maximum length of a URL?
How do you become a camp counselor?
that's spanglish for you!!?
Is liberalism a religion?
So I went walking.....?
did anybody listen to tonights Coast to Coast radio program?
drinking/driving/solution and problem?
Will Michael Jordan return to playing in the NBA?
What's your favorite European animal?
what do marks on a ring mean?
Have you seen the FHM video for Kari Byron?
What's the immigration policy in Canada?
Please tell me NOW?
Am I the only Trini using this Q&A?
What is the best way to memorize?
What do you think about refreeing in the world cup?
how i can downlod a site ?
what is a tail premium policy?
why is my url not listed?
Best heavyweight ever?
advantages of online bookstore?
can any one give  me the free linux tutor site ?
Business ideas?
is anyone actually a fan of bob saget?
i want to know the cost myomas operations?
Who is the only cricketer to have played for England and India ?
How effective are comdoms in terms of preventing pregnancy?
do u think myspace is stupid???
Vigor25 retailers in New York?
how tall are you and what do you weigh?
Trouble Playing Online Video with QuickTime7?
Where can I buy some fake snow fabric and fake snow balls?
Grasshoppers belong to the phylum?
What disease affects one in a million people?
A cat was trapped in a fire. What did he think?
What videos the best off the b'day album so far?
Where did Ground Hog Day originate?
Ninja skills?
What teams will pass to the final in the Champions League?
wy we call a horse....horse?
Boy trouble?!?!?!?!?!?
How do I get involved in real politics as a college student?
Will The Red Wings own the Stanley Cup?
which name...cassie or cassandra??
Help with web design?
Has anyone every tried speed-dating?
What does the USC Trojans peace sign mean?
What's your favorite outdoor recreation?
what happened to frank ribery's face? injury?
When do antibiotics leave your system?
Who would win??? Team made by year drafted?
lbj what happen?
can i loose 40 pounds in one month?
Will Kenny change his mind about marrying me?
Have you ever used a Rider sandal?
Radioactive element or isotope?
Has Anyone ever been to Job corps?
how can i get ahold of Geoffrey Feiger?
Help me with Riddles please?
Redshift or just red?
What can you tell from my name?
how do i get a song onto the blank cd?
error in reaction?
when will be the next time, the sun will explode?
please need help urgently?
who are making up the homeless population?
DX's theme music Artist? Album? Track?
Is it wrong to be 25 and still be a virgin?
how can i have a fixed girl friend ?
How can we fight corruption?
What is 2+2=?
Which "double standard" annoys you the most?
What's wrong with this????
how many miles are in 100 acres?
how many different shape of snow flakes are there?
Can a toothache make you feel nauseous?
Feelin kinda week ??
Math problem?
What is the worst curse in sports?
What are the WORST prefixes to rapper names?
would you prefer a gift or gift card or cash?
rheumatoid artritis?
any cures for a hangover i am dying?
How many peolpe on here are gay?
is camel country going to give you another secret sound?
Was Satan created by God and why is his name Lucifer too?
Anyone know about The Priory of Scion?
how will i get somebody to spend my life with?
Your top five movies?
store program?
where are baby's come from?
Where can I buy a pharmaceutical anaphrodisiac?
Why is getting yourself to stay alive so hard to do?
during 1994, was Belfast, London a violent place???
What is the relationship betweem rovers amd tributaries?
is motocross safe or dangerous?
What is the best feature on a girl?
how much is six litters?
Fear of being alone?
how do i put videos on my psp?
whats a realy turn on in a woman?
what was the original name for federalist?
Brazil and world cup..?
what is a notebook expansion port 2?
Why is Java less efficient than say C++?
Do you find Israel's actions to be harsh?
How many matches are there in a regular EPL Season?
who will get shot in eastenders?
My laptop is making me trouble what can i do with that?
name the greatest cannibal corpse song ever?
What are the rules concerning rakes in traps?
i need some suggestions on good fishing rods and reels?
What is the funniest name you entered in survey?
i have this on my pc?
what is th e meaning of abundance?
where can I find the lyrics to this song ?
how can I get mold out of fabric?
Are you gunna drop the bomb or not?
Backing up information in cd and floopy disk?
am i handsome enough for you?
Should I get a full time internship?
looking for anti static emulsion explosive delivery hoses?
What problems were created by the Arcticles of Confederation?
what is the best thing anybody got for Christmas?
Spanish question?
does any body like wrestling.?
what does .org mean ?
what is meant by the sexual term snowblowing?
Values of thermal conductivity of concrete?
What's your opinion about footwear with shock absorbers?
Is O.J Simpson guilty or Innocent for murder?
What's up with Jessica Simpson's little sister Ashley?
Which is better?
tell me about great indian women?
is it hpv??
what is DMV?
What is an appropriative water right?
What is the best military tank in the world right now?
divorce+ house deed?
Statistics Question, any math people?
Can you legally not repay your credit card debt?
what are the 5 best japanese websites?
u r views about marriage.?
where can i find a site about cons?
is raccoon good eatin?
Passport renewing?
R God and jesus and the hs the same?
Who has "...another Georgy deep inside"?
why is the martin DC17E inactive?
Whats ur fave quote?
Late Bloomer!?!?
Isn't forbidden love delicious?
What are the effect of hormones on girls during puberty?
I want to sell products from home.?
Ph. D in Computer Science?
Photoshop Help?
where do charges build up on a conductor?
What happens to my hormones with only one ovary?
What is the chemical breakdown for corn starch?
What are some fun ways to lose weight?
Why do men have nipples?
HELP W/ STATISTIC Question?
Where can I get help paying for my grandmothers funeral?
what do the initials GI mean in GI Joe?
Can you recognize the editorial slant of your local newspaper?
who is the councilman for arleta,ca?
what is the layers of the stomach?
What is the principal of gear boxes in Formula 1 cars?
Im addicted to myspace....?
Give the life story of , Robert Hooke?
what will senior citizens spend money on?
Why do Republicans want more illegals not less?
i need  help?
Do you agree?
how about Chicago Bears?
do you know about Pakistan?
How would you build a relatively cheap 200 mph+ car?
find a number tell whats ur luck?
how can these sick sites be legal on the net?
who is the worst professional soccer player currently?
Does Area 51 actually exist?
Are variable annuities a good investment?
Where can I find Info about adult circumcision?
SPace is it all being used.?
Do you believe?
How game theory apply in economics?
Any one know where my pants are?
Where can I take the praxis test?
Dookie or American Idiot?
Are there any work from home jobs that are worth looking into?
i go online but it close by it self?
Can yoga help straighten my pelvis?
What is the importance of MS PowerPoint in Education?
How is smoking justified?
lyrics for football rap song from movie wildcats?
Have you tried eHarmony?
Why do we give chocolate on Valentines day?
choice of parametric model in survival data analysis?
Guys What do you find most attractive on a girl?
Window's movie maker?
What charicteristics does the perfect boyfriend have?
7x squared -30x+27=?
Does drinking beer help reduce the occurence of kidney stones?
I need help with Duke of Ed training????
Athletes with Pacemakers?
hillarry hilarry!!?
what is the night of Broken glass?
pls find Tax Office located in Australia?
what is the history of the sign @?
should I let my heart go mad without listening to my mind?
My girlfriend talks about other guys?
Who is your pick for da NBA Finals?
What is carbon dating? And how do they know?
What are 7 different talking points on veterans day?
who is joker arroyo?
Am I going toget my political asylum this week?
who made unc 4000 12 volt power supply?
origin of mennonites?
Does this work with the iPod?
What is a high brow Marxist?
How do you browse for Foreign Websites?
what is the grossest thing you have  ever done?
Power point presentation information?
How does a starfish breed?
How can I officially start an anime series with no experience whatsoever?
Some college advice please????
lexmarkz645printer?
roosevelt wanted pearl harbour?
How many man-made satellites are currently orbiting Earth?
what is your opinion about Dakes Bible?
Where can I find examples of a marketing topic research proposal?
tattoos????
Math Problem The leg of a right triangle?
How do I protect my bad knees on the treadmill?
how do i take a survey and post it on myspace?
What would you do??
i need love for ever?
What kind of yoga is good for weight loss and toning?
For guys! not anything sexual just a serious question!?
Is it bad for a girl to propose?
is it virtually impossible to get a federal job without knowing anyone?
i have a question for the theologines?
The most beautiful campus in AFRICA is in where?
definition of local regulator?
some pick-up lines 4 boys please.?
when did dr.franken stein die?
what is your favourite crips?
what is usa largest airport?
Do I need a laptop for college next year?
Limit Problem?
do you consider yourself as having a bad temper ?
What measures will the new Democratic congress implement, concerning welfare?
Taxes on the middle class?
How do I calculate the value of a pulldown resistor?
Is Gigamedia a good company? GIGM?
Should I date a man who is 20 years older than me?
What is the average golfer's handicap?
Does heat eliminate all bacteria?
To what extent a person can suffer pain?
give me 1 reason for likeing Metallica?
do you think bikers are sexy and why?
Who was Alberto Santos Dumont?
I just want to know why??
What's the worst thing an ex has done to you?
why should i be RIch?
what is uretritis?
Cold sores vs. Fever Blisters?
Answer this one?
Why Every Girl Always Hurt Boy??
what does this mean?
how do i find out if someones in jail?
r americans self obsessed n ignorant of the world?
How to get your girlfriend into liking sports?
About me playing drums?
How soon until the Celtics are competing for an NBA Championship again?
Who would you say the greatest guitarist of all time is?
Define friend?
grad school or open business?
What do you think of Military Police?
What is your favorite Christmas song?
Who was voted off American Idol tonight 3/22?
10) solve the equation. round to the nearest tenth?
wat's the 'itune'?
how is salt obtain?
How many times do you check your email a day?
What is the punishement for theifs in New France?
barry bonds alert!!!!?
How a non-US citizen can be a FBI agent?
how much gold is in a pentium pro processor?
How many siblings do u have?
please help me friends i am dying in love?
answer please?
How do you rent a studio?
what ever happen to abba the group?
What is histex sr caps?
Indian software companies?
what are the width and length of the unite state?
how do I check another email address from my computer?
How do you know its right credit card for you?
who can prove 64=65?
Computer Problems!!!?
Who actually wants to see new Baby Pics?
does the computer serving us ...?
Have you ever blew a kiss at someone in another car?
Why are prions present in the body?
Are MDI dental implants only for bottom teeth?
is abortion acceptable by society?
What is a representation of facts without opinion?
jobs in fond du lac wisconsin area?
what can i do to prevent getting sick?
what if he wont talk or even listen?
Why did David leave Sesame Street?
Why do people do drug?
Which Team won the World Cup \non 1998?
why did bow wow and ciara break up?
Why do  guys like to watch girls wrestling?
Does bologna strip car paint?
which team will win the copa libertadores?
Becoming Jewish...?
who was the first 7ft. center in the nba?
what is known about European Newts?
does it mean he needs space...?
Question about movie Stay Alive. How does Swink survives?
ball room dancing.a place to take lessons?
what is the capital of somalia?
What cardio work is good that will not kill my knees?
Why do Liberals hate the Military?
which football team won 1967 european cup?
pathological jealousy?
has anyone ever been a mystery punter for ladbrokes?
weight problems?
Did Jesus have nocturnal emissions?
How do you learn to do a backflip?
what is critical oxygen tension?
Do you have a favorite star in the sky?
Want 10 points?  Then help me please!?
what are the factors of 81 ?
I'm getting really pissed about racism!?
what is thymus gland in our body?
how do i start my own business with little money?
What is the best way to flirt with women?
i want cookies what do i do?
What year was Michael Jordan born in?
how do you go about looking for a new job?
Which one is the most spoken language in the world?
What would happen if the word were square...?
Are we overtaxed?
how to name compounds?
is prince charles left handed?
What is the most searched for topic of Fan Fiction?
Do you believe in evil?
when is the last time you took a crap?
what's socratic induction?
any plans to have a commercial version of Yahoo answers?
Other than nursing what did Florance Nightingale invent?
Are you feeling super duper today?
what does salvation mean??
what is the best way to get a girls attention?
i need a travelling salesman program-in  c++ language?
How do I find our local ball teams wab site?
white chicks?
What is the best way to stop smoking?
is better investment buy house or property?
Paging and segmentation?
Which religion has the most Father Tuckers?
Is this the best way of having a personal relationship with Jesus?
What do you think atheism is?
Connecting laptop to widescreen?
How  much GED score evaluated in U.S?
who said.. mi pluma la malto?
what food nutrions are in mushrooms?
What is your favorite episode of Bosom Buddies?
were did russian immigrants live in the 1800`s?
Why does my hand fall asleep at night?
What is  a monkey grip?
Can anyone explain me about this part of the thesis:?
what are yakwa particles or like that ?
Stones in the lymph nodes?
I froze my tongue with liquid nitrogen and grapes. Need advice?
do all ducks have webbed feet?
Why is IPO analysis important ??
Questions about divorce and custody of the kids?
Has anyone ever seen Degrasi..?
Why does vitamin C make you trip hard when on LSD?
why we have to fall in love?
What is an Assembly file ?
When did the NBA move to a 16 team playoff format?
To all those interested in spiritual development...?
Sore feet in the morning?
Should I..........?
hows the best way to get a girlfriend???
How do you enable BT caller display on a landline?
r u gland it;s Sat.?
Euthansia should be legalised in India?
diffrence between wap and wml?
New partition?
What kind of accent does Cristopher Walken speak in?
How can I whiten my teeth without using teeth whiteners?
where can I ask questions about Canadian law statutes?
who is big love or money  ? why?
black hair..?
how do you clear serch bar history on website???
Clairmont, California is in what county?
Why don't universities return exam question papers?
whats the best natural remedy for flu?
how do I get my website a higher priority on Yahoo?
What is the ethnic breakdown in the USA in percentages?
I need info on wicca?
Should the Abramoff investigation continue?
what do we call a kind of loud laughing?
how can I learn speak english?
I have a problem in loading of windows XP?
Is it true that Paris Hilton is bisexual?
where can I find out good info on Cleopatra?
should an 11 year old girl be dating?
why don't people talk about sexual assault?
Work Pooping?
Symotenous equation?
i want a project work on c and data structures?
Does anyone know why cellular respiration is important?
How do goosebumps occur?
duality,cosmic ego .?
Why did my girlfriend dump me?
how long do braces usually stay on a teen?
Why do you think teens drift off from their studies?
how to cure toe cut wounds?
daytrader strategy?
workout/weight loss?
Music Help!?
Can anybody solve my problem? See detailsâ€¦?
How do you make a heart on the computer?
Why do people keep asking the same question over and over?
How would you define petting?
Why do people not see the Danger of Illegal Immigration?
how do i start a moving company?
They say they love each other?
What is Nihility?
how do i tell her i like her?
how much difference between kilogram and liter?
Anime fans! Woot woot!?
famous people who was in slavery give me names of people?
5k^2  -  245?
is Wares a safe place to download music?
where do u get free music burns?
DVDRW question?
why japan bombed pearl harbor?
how do I set default?
Boniface where did the word originate from?
what kind of foos would you need bones healthy?
how many lots are in one acre of land?
How do you feel about abortion?
What is Anarchy?
help me please!!!!?
whats the shower method?
Which is a developed country with anemia?
What are some good activities for a high schooler?
Can A girl ever get over her first love?
what are threads?
a bit of fun?
Why trial version of software are called BETA?
how do I obtain a child care license in Orlando Florida?
Is it true that you burn 500 calories during sex?
I need to find someones email address?
Is drinking coffee bad for you?
What is Bacteria growing in blood?
could anyone help me with some english homework?
limewire help?
wut does this mean?
Elvis Presley song in men in black movie ?
who is the 4th best player in the nba?
PLS read this STORY?
where can i find a legal transfer of custody form?
Are you a Christian?
what does a non overlapping code mean?
Secret Santa Present Help!?
currency forward contracts?
where do i find free live webcams without signing up?
guys..who's more?
can u get aids from french kissing??
Who has tested positive for steroids?
Who likes the show....?
what does Preferred Job Title mean?
what are the different types of forex patterns??
louis saha ou david trezegue?
does anyone else love QOTSA and Led Zeppelin ?
I have another  math problem, can you help?
What would one do to find Mr. Right?
Can you explain the end of the 2005 movie STAY?
how can i creat an id on Gmail?
Health Project?
who has got most wickets in odi?
A strange problem?
Torrents for anime ?
How do you change your login name on yahoo?
anyone ever had tiny ulsers on the tongue ?
where is a really fun site?
where can i find a marine sanctuary?
When will the 2007 major league baseball schedules be released?
Who bowled Sourav Ganguly while playing for Northamptonshire?
does vicks vapo rub cure a nail fungus?
re protest the limit to questions?
is there a difference between African people?
who wants a hotdog ?
Is Ohio a Democrat state now?
which is the truth? Christian? Buddhist? Islam?
In NY State, when does a written perscription expire?
what are the five most dangerous high school sports?
Where will you be watching the match?
Can a male achieve an orgasm strictly from anal stimulation?
How do you become a physical therapist?
Which State has the best coverage for the Lemon Law?
What is the stock symbol for coke-cola?
If someone walked into your house one day and said?
wedding crashers movie?
what were nazis?
Some help on burping please!!!?
what would you do if you had only 3 weeks to live?
is it good to date 3 boys at one time?
Why spanish at DMV?
I gave myself the depo injection?
Reject job offer??
Guezz What?â„¢  I need to speak with you?
Those who think that homosexuality is wrong;  why?
how do you know if that guy you like likes you back?
Finding work done by friction?
Do I have minor panic attacks?
rookie cards?
How does TiVo work with live TV?
What is the most popular lie in the world?
Here's a hard hitting political question...?
do any girls love hairy boys with dark eye brows?
What are comtemporary selections of academic thinking?
Western Europeans, Canadians, Australians, New Zelanders?
Can you name anyone famous that wasn't a cheerleader?
need help looking for phone number?
Has anyone ever hooked three monitors to their PC?
Why do I get so sleepy after eating sweets?
Which scene in "The Crow" was Brandon Lee killed?
who won the last nascar race?
how can i find my cna certificate online?
Why do so many girls dislike Daniel Radcliff?
How old is the earth?
depression...how do i help her snap out?
whats another word for "mis-categorized"?
What's a good high school prank?
does internet traffic depend on distance?
Legal question regarding deceased remains?
why education is important for modernization ?
Do You Know Alot About ecuador??
what countries are still under communist rule?
What is the best way to build up your endurance for running?
what is a relativly inelastic demand?
looking for a free version of service pack 1 down load?
what do you think......?
How do I surprise the cautious on a date?
i am a BE electronics graduate when ill get a job?
when you hear this song...?
Isral through the medias eyes?
Are cipless peddles a good idea on bicycles?
Dancing with the Stars -  Mario or Emmitt?
Factor x(squared) + 18x + 80?
The Real thing?
What to charge for advertising space on a website?
When did America stop being the land of opportunity?
Are politics true or the politicians are just acting ?
what is your impression on japanese people?
Nature Quiz.  Can you help?
change the execution of form in visual basic?
Do breasts hurt when they grow?
Can you help me with my nerves?
Shud gays and lesbians exist in our society today?
Do  you know a software to change my monitor into a mirror ?
What is Dandia?
friendship?
Arm workout?
How to set up VPN Windows server 2000/2003?
who is your fav person in the world? why?
Making Money??
Why do I have to document the sources in the research paper?
Is beating time a losing fight?
Filling in the blank?
why  bush hates with arabs?
Does it not matter by which name you call God?
how can i get my mail overloaded with spam??
How many of you remember Julia Roberts?
what is the size of earth??
how tall is m.shadows from avenged sevenfold?
anybody know this song? chicka boom,  ?
What is the difference between a letter of application and a resume?
who sells the most soap in the world?
How much of life is based on theory?
Shouldn't dogma be pronounced godma?
How much copper does Arizona produce?
need year of death concering a relative?
ladies,help?
what's the difference between electronic and communication engineer?
Help me please with this math question?
how do i find ranger college basketball roster 2002-2003?
why is this happening Iam using microsoft word?
Did you see American disrespect on ESPN 2 how?
how much money do plastic surgeons make in a year?
What is society's biggest "ill?"?
Whats you favourite chocolate?
silly rabbit joke...kinda cute.?
why did my question get posted 5 times?
For all the Steelers fans out there, what do you think?
Can you suggest any website on Rant Discussion?
What is your favorite Christmas song?
Suggest Me a name for kids Play School?
Who is the female artist who sings oldie song Angel Baby?
is there any 13 years in here?
What is your favorite name and why????
Immigration or integration?  That is the question..?
Masturbation, is it wrong?
what is the best laptop brand on the market?
What is the diffrence between legal and right?
How come things can't be like they were before?
Which English Captain scored two ducks in his test debut?
Explain facial and body piercings?
How do I start a Real Estate Investment Trust?
document image restoration software?
Who thinks Lebanon is a cool country?
Am i over qualified to go to Harvard?
-which part of body do not grow the whole life?
guy question... girls answer please?
i wanna quit smoking  help?
Does anyone have a zombie contingency plan in place?
`How do u get a guy to to notice you?
what is vegetable ghee?
Why is my co-worker such an idiot?
Why do people worship false gods?
where can I get a surety bond?
where are the rain flies when it's not raining?
how do genetics play a role in big lips?
why do girls get pissed for no reason?
if police be a thief, what will thief gonna be?
What are some good ideas for possible movies?
Why is cheating, in relationship, so hurtful?
Do you Know this website?
does international sanctions and trade restrictions affect international trade and costs production?
What is your favorite sport?why??
adding computer to domain?
Do any Christians have stories of relationships/marriages restored?
Is it better to stay home or work?
definition of statutory immunity?
is anyone born on september 17,1994?
what is the defintion of an lateral face?
I need some good excersise plans!!!?
How to get a female sponsored in motocross?
Is epelipsy a disability?
Did you hear about Floyd Patterson dieing today?
What where the scores?
is limewire illegal?
for boys only what do you find nice on a lady?
evaluate.  5^-2?
Black Eyed Peas: My Humps.  Good song?
how do you search internet ?
can you drink gasoline ? what would the results be?
what is the acceptable abbreviation for "every other day"?
What type of advertising would be good for my new recording studio?
What's wrong with the youth of today?
What is Generation X and Generation Y?
Can someone tell me how methane hydrate is formed?
what country won the 1990 world cup?
what online poker site offers the best bonuses?
What's your favorite movie?
details of how sport was in 1960?
why do we love?
How do i get Imacipation?
What are the differences between FTP and TFTP?
scholarships?
how do I know if I am taking drugs?
Has anybody heard anything recent (and accurate) about Ricky Williams?
Does anyone know of any bands similar to Panic at the disco?
Was Yahoo! Answers invented for lazy college students?
How often your parents have sex?
How bad is the movie 'Little Man'?
Why are golf balls dimpled?
Do you see "scarey movie 4"?
Looking for sites on info to get paid testing new drugs?
What is karst topography?
Are you too shy ask out some one?
How do you forfill your deepest obsession and desire?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
American pie-style webcam sex?
what is the importance of surface tension in plants?
Do you rent or own?
how can u make your girlfriend happy?
how can i travel abroad for work and study?
can I get aids from the toilet seat?
What does keep the dog at bay mean?
Who is opening for the current Nine Inch Nails tour?
Is the Dutch World Cup Soccer Team their best ever?
Do you think David Cameron would make a good Prime Minister?
what is a ten dollar bill worth?
Marco...Polo???
What is a good grad school for forensic anthropology?
How does the action potential for voluntary actions initiate in the brain?
How'd she get out?
looking for o job?
arabic latin dictionary?
How do you get over your fear of frogs?
my boyfriend want to lick my butt, what should i do?
What are the chances?
Pharmacy Tech or LVN?
hindsight in the present?
Is is important marry with a virgin girl ?
who is a better pick?
why cant i play games on yahoo messenger?
I want pretty teeth again!?
What's up with Bushs English?
When a black President hold the Office ?
What kind of accidents can happen in a scientific lab?
Incredimail?
making a stable earning in sports?
who support the patriot act and section 215?
what is a market constraint?
how to convert avi file to mpeg file?
how to keep your annoying brother or sister away?
How did Professor Xavier lose use of his legs?
Can anyone answer  this riddle 10pts for u?
Any suggestions on getting race sponsorship?
Will my boyfriend break up with me in the near future?
What is Einstien Famous For?
How do you get good looking people to like you?
I am trying to find a translation softwre for document?
Help me !!!!?
What is another word for grateful?
Whats Black and White and Red all over?
What's the difference between a planet and a star?
Is anybody good with Trig?
What the hell do women really want?
what does this quote mean?
How do you love someone?
How can we use a robot to sew something?
Which reading material do the Americans prefer reading in the toilet?
Who is the shortest person in the wold?
What can be said about...?
My favourite animal is the dolphin what is yours?
who likes venomous snakes?
scheduling system?
What skills are critical to  today's CPA?
What are the advantages of the Bedford Handbook by Diana Hacker?
I want to work at home, how can I do this?
What do you think of telemarketers?
Human resources management had various meanings and definitions explain why?
Why do people think the Jews slaughtered Jesus Christ?
Can you say your frightend event in your life?
My other computer has broken down?
why the earth moves around the sun n how?
What scoliosis and what happens as you age?
Isn't there anybody in Hyderabad to teach computer Ruby language?
Why is Bush so stupid?
Are there any black ghettos in Canada?
Have you found all the hidden symbols on the keyboard yet?
what is 3d voip?
what is your daily schedule and how do you maintain it?
help me with this?
im looking for cheech and chong sound files?
who is your favourite weatherman ?
Do guys like slutty girls?
Library Science?
Why do we have the Health & Safety at Work Act?
what are some info you could give me on ice caves?
Should I marry my computer?
why does my nose keep bleeding?
why is it politicians get paid for nothing?
who is the king of jordan?
US History Crossword?
What is it that gets wetter when it dries?
"Classic" suggests method to access Yahoo International Chat?
Who will be the next Ronaldinho?
what is "autocapture" in river?
what animals have a specific instinct like birds flying south?
I am looking for info regarding 412k?
How do you start your own Religion?
I am developing a tennis site which name is better?
What does it mean when a women ignores you?
are senior citizens responsibility of family or society?
How do you vote on Dancing With The Stars?
how can i lighten up my desk top screen?
how does a 11 year old lose 15 pounds?
I want to experience sex with someone else!!!?
What does it mean to be an honor student?
Does the Bible say that Lucifer and Satan are the same person?
What are the lyrics for Dont Touch That?
Which companies offer protein chips?
what is France's problem?
How to log on as a user created with Active Directory?
Need a distance?
who saw deja vu?
whats gonna happen june 6 ,2006?
People from Arizona? Where is this...?
is it weird for men to cross dress?
Should we give Texas back to Mexico?
Immigration law for convicted felon of domestic violence.?
Why are old redneck women almost always very very skinny?
what is the best of pro sport in America?
How far does a PI goes?
what song and artist is this from?
Does anyone ever get w@nk burn?
i want to stop my semi eretic, help me?
why does ex-boyfriend get back with their ex?
this questionis 4 the woman does size reallly matter?
Are sony VAIO over rated computers?
who u think will win the world cup cricket 2007??
Do you believe in the end of the world?
Is there any way to become a certified nanny online?
what is duxel (cooking term)?
what does proberbility mathemathics mean?
Who's going to the clipper game tomorrow night??
The weight of earth?
hey need help in my assignment?
Jade Puget?
Which Stadiums would host a soccer World Cup in the USA?
If you voted tomorrow how would you vote democrat or republican?
why do fire men where red suspenders?
who is the leader of yemen?
Best choice for a new raquet?
where is falkland island located?
What makes you believe the media has a liberal/conservative bias?
what is the country of origin of ikea?
is there anyweb site that teaches how to run faster?
Can you add loops to a ripped song in Acid?
whats the meaning of life?
why the most of the space bodies are round?
how is every one this week?
When was the first fifa world cup match?
Was Jesus actually God's first Creation?
What do you think of this televised Olypmics?
Was 9/11 a conspiracy?
who is the greatest guitarist do u think ?
anyone see x-men 3? who dies?
What is the best darts stance? Finger hold?
What do you remember the most about the 90's?
Did you know that 36 Mafia worship the devil?
has correction fluid thinner been banned by law?
where is god?
What math related movies can I show my high school math class?
How much protein?
what are the sideeffects for growth hormones?
What is the history and ancient culture of the canary islands?
where can I find the Notre Dame 1975 football roster?
Why do men have better butts then women?
anyone can answer?
What would be the Impact of a flu Pandemic?
which team is favorite to win the world cup?
how do you use math to find someones age?
When was the treaty of Leauge of Nations signed and where?
give 2 word ending with sede?
How would siblings having birth make the child genetically mutated?
what does elliptic narrative mean in a writting?
Hows my fantasy bball team?
When people see a change in you, do they wonder?
Who created the universe?
what kind of photo format does ipod  accept?
how do i download yahoo messenger??
Hormones and depression...?
What is your dillema?
Child Abuse Investigators???
Re-Using Trial Soft Ware!?
Albert Einstein's brain was different than everyone else,how?
Do you pick your nose?
Is pale skin unhealthy?
What college degree do I need to be a cruise director?
english model question papers answers?
Whats the hottest best time you have had ;)?
best songs to get pumped up to?
Can young people get gout?
why is it so difficult?
What is the code for currency in Visual Basic?
Where can I purchase Bill Normans Snatrix artificial worms?
What is the difference between FTP and telnet?
why are some medical procedures frightening to some people?
What's your favorite tv show?
anymore craigslist type of websites out there?
Is better the super bowl in more than 1 game?
whos ure favorite super star?
why do people were thongs?
how do i put a music video on my exanga?
Does your Walmart take printed coupons?
Is Simple Pay Safe?
who know how to play sudoku?
I love O-zone?
I need to know title of song with words below?
Who are the worst NASCAR drivers??
i want to be healer and a therapist?
What is America's most pending issue?
what a contractors ?
Why does Santa ho ho ho?
im so stupid?
Does anyone think . . .?
are songs that you cant understand still good songs?
Why do I atract the same type of man?
The cheapest boxing school in New Jersey?
have you ever think what will happen to you after your death?
Anyone looking forward to "Rock Star 2"?
how tall is arnold schwarzeneggar?
How do you find the inverse of an equation?
How fast is your internet?
Do you think the United Nations is obsolete?
How do I get a girl to out with me?
why does my mouse jump to the left side of screen?
Riddle For You.?
Why do some peole hate John Cena so much?
Is this legal??
conspecifics?
About Dallas Mavericks' Mark Cuban?
any tips for learning chemistry easily?
Do all guys just like the skanky girls?
What is history?
What is Junior College?
how do u feel about girls on a high school football team?
Any body who knew Poison Ivy should click this link?
What is the work setting like being a teacher?
What percentage of homosexuals are registered liberal democrats?
What are microscopes used for?
hey hey hey?
is it legal to carry a handgun in a commercial truck?
Is Bucharest the capital of Romania?
How do you clean a computer monitor's screen?
Need picks for the Keeneland Spring Meet?
Teeth hurt after flossing?
what do you dream about when you sleep?
should college scholarships grants and grants be discontinued?
Have you have lost someone you love'd?
how do i get a girlfriend back after losing her?
why is science so complicated?
It has been proven that Australian men..?
What does (Razzle) mean?
what are the most popular RSS readers?
What is the name of the islam church?
how many hip hop artist went to college?
what is effective mass ?
What are some good things to get this summer,?
How do flies hang on to surfaces in high winds?
how often a day should i use flouride rinse?
What are the 7 wonders of the world?
how long do governors stay in office?
What language do the teams communicate with each other with?
What do you think of this graphics card?
the  definition of number is frequency then what is frequency?
what does it mean when a guy says hey to u?
What happens when you can't bend your knees ever again?
how old do u have to be to buy candoms?
What is the purpose of sex?
where is a Seattle Seahawk pub in Phoenix,AZ?
smackdown vs raw 2007 diva question...?
How can I train my brain to think metric?
do all teens try drugs..?
Where can i download episodes of this cartoon?
What is a typical workload for a general surgeon after residency?
Are there any religions that are liberal and flexible with beliefs?
Can you believe God to pull you through?  They did.?
What dimension do we think in?
i want to name my new insurance company?
whats hotter?? for guys?
Why is it important to chew food thoroughly?
Focal Length?
how to make an nutrient agar?
forearms and wrists?
Question about Linux Tutorial?
Why do guys cheat on girls?
Will Britney make a come back?
what is a sound card?
do gays go to heaven?
See if you can answer this?
Who will win the Tamilnadu assembly election on May 8th?
Why use Autoradiography?
Why is our country run by extreme left and right politicians?
why does this guy like me?
Does anyone know about?
Old credit card debt purchased by another company . .?
What can I do this offseason?
help please?
anyone else think the government is robbing us?
Penis shave Question?
Trouble with DVD DRIVE...?
what is the meaning of discretionary finacing?
What part of Ireland do red head Irish come from?
what is the site can i find the interface of electronic dictionary?
What's is the most disgusting thing in the world?
pls give resume models?
is there a alternate for flash payer?
making dinner for a stroke person?
REPUBLlCAN OR DEMOCRAT?
How many calories should I eat daily to lose weight?
How big is Sandogardy Pond in Northfield, NH?
is archipelagic doctrine adapted in the community of nations?
Do chicks dig guys with sleeve tattoos?
Are there any good women left in Anchorage Alaska?
is it true that you can wired money to a bank account?
I need information on false imprisonment?
Who deserves to be in the finals in 2007?
What is Tetris Attack?
What is good food to eat to prepare for a tough exam?
what the best way 2 make luv?
Did you guys see 30 seconds to Mars' new video?
How fluorine is used to make air conditioners?
What is the y-intercept of the line y=b?
Who loves Jesus?
which desperate housewife do u like the most?
What kind of research is currently being done in civil engineering?
How do I get this web cam to work?
can I still get future financial aid if I fail a class?
Republican Pres. Canidates?
What is adjusted R^2?
Do girls actualy like tattos on guys?
Survivor recap?
Whose responsible  for a fallen tree?
Star Trek or other Scifi series?
What body part would you like change in you and why ?
what is flow injection autoanalyzer?
Is the dentist reccommending unnecessary treatments?
What's the longest you've gone without showering?
please rate this question as thumbs down?
is girls love guys pissing on their face?
Which are the little details...?
Which country will host the IIFA awards next year ?
explain the leagues in british football?
download HUGE world map??
What is chronostratigraphy?
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation Season Six?
Barcelona 2-Arsenal 1, what a game...?
HOw do you get rid of toenail fungus?
anyone know what this quoat means?
why do my boyfriend piss me off?
Rent to own, what to do?
Stolen credit card number?
weekend ka kia program hai?
Has anyone played World Woods in Florida?
Nuvaring...what do you think??
Has marijuana ever completely changed your life?
should we consider out sourcing our military personel?
Who invented basketball?
What do you think of the term, 'functional insanity'?
Please can you tell me why  my address bar changes?
How do you feel about Needle Exchange Programs?
what is the importance of .net  in present it industry??
where can i find any extinct volcanoes in Wales?
How to solve neck pimples?..?
Has anybody else been diagnosed with dermographism?
I agree but I gotta ask why?
After Adam & Eve how did Humans come about?
I am 52 and in a real jam and rut.?
eating disorder?
To Vista or Not to Vista?
The United States has hosted the Olympic Winter Games how many times?
do you think some people are meant to be single?
wrong answers?
how do i add yahoo to outlook?
where can i find the soap opera network channel website?
does anyone know what orf is?
which is the world's longest river?
does hit on mean take advantage of ?
Whats your favorite tv show?
how do i find a member on here?
What is Premature Mortality?
What four teams did Mason beat before getting to the final four?
ways to cheat on test?
Is there any religious association for Female Circumcision?
do blue faeries really have more fun?
why is my yahoo email pg .slow?
More more more more Angry !?
why do some Americans has a complex of superiority?
how to Handel printer in 2003 server based network?
What is Mercury's distance form the earth and the sun?
Hey i have a problem?
Projectile Motion?
What are the differences between pentium and celeron processor ?
Why don't guys take no as an answer?
What is fata morgana?
i would like to know more about science?
where can i get soccer on tv?
Have you ever had a haircut so bad you cried?
what is putative hormones?
Is there such a thing as captain in the Coast Guard?
At what time should I eat dinner? What is the latest?
Anyone Respond!!?
Who invented the computer?
Whom do u love more than ur life?
whats rastafari?
To do or not to do?
what exactly is IT engineering??
how dose one get started on a diet?
What is the metabolic process?
Why did this happen??
Should violence be allowed in youth hockey?
Whats your favorite song and whos it by mate?
What teams play each other in this year's World Cup?
Movie American Haunting?
So how many homeless children have you adopted?
why cant i play my yahoo games-?
Don't you love thunderstoms?
what will happen to the earth in the next 9 trillion years?
what other websites i could watch online videos besides youtube?
how do i stop doing meth?
any one watching the cavs?
What did sir francis bacon discover?
Who is Luciano Pavarotti?
What is Overture?
how to become a night club promoter?
How do I have the ultimate Christmas for my fam?
How can a fear at school be a good thing?
What is a Breakfast meeting?
How do you loose weight?
What can't u stop doing?
I need help in self-confidence?
what is the easy way to get a girl?
For the guys in the house...?
will smoking while pregnant really hurt your baby?
looking for Melody Mckinley?
why are all actresses now wanting to sing?
Sexiest person alive?
How to be more talkative?
Did Britney Spears pose in Playboy?
Basic Training experiences from women...?
Is anyone else out there sexually frustrated?
What is a period?
i need some help about my thesis project...?
Strange internet email oddity?
good sites for financial aid or scholarships? any other ideas?
Why don't people like jury duty?
Why do americans think their country is so damn precious?
What do i do?
Which team is the best soccer team in the world?
Who are you Today?
Is creatine FDA approved?
who will main event at wm 23?
Favorite sports athlete of all time?
How do I get a bigger butt?
grammatical preferences?
a diameter question?
i feel very sorry for that?what can i do?
I heard a rumor?
If i want to play cricket where should i go?
what is the best diet?
SQL Problem in XP?
Why do some people?
How do you find the right guy?
Do you like me ?
How do u get a girl to like u?
he ain't heavy his my brother..?
How fast does kidney cancer grow?
Neosporin made stuff work- now what.?
Waht is the best nickname for the name Janaki?
Name of program?
North Korean Ship Registry?
How can you think that her breast is big?
What does "buck naked" mean?
how long after suffering concussion is it okay to drink alcohol?
How i can hack other computer by email ?
Have you accepted personal response ability for your own beliefs?
Where can I get Windows Vista Beta From?
Italian Curses?
what should i get her?
Why  are the legs covered at funeral viewings?
who sings this song and what is it called?
how is a condor simlar to a jet?
Is there any way to find the owner of websites .?
How do I get through to Dr. Phil?
Are there any places to play beach volleyball in the Atlanta area?
how does electricityinduces magnetism?
What should I do?
what are tigers used for?
Can some one tell me the addresses of on line free library ?
How can I buy an Arena Football team?
What do you think of the claims service that Norwich Union offers?
Should I give my friends my sisters stuff?
How to calculate mid ranks for a given data?
One Sardarji Joke here?
need to know sumn?
Does anyone like Jesse McCartney?
What is the capital of Tamil Nadu?
how can i watch ncaa tourney live on internet?
which is different between Goods and Services?
Army Guys...?
can social activities prolong life?
why can't i post to a finance message board?
comparative economics of mechanised and traditional farming?
why would god allow this to happen while they were praying?
Could speaking correct English be stupid?
Financial Question?
What are the defferences between Christians and Irish people?
how many hours do you sleep a day?
Why does Richard Petty sunglasses?
Why hasn't anybody attempted / assassinated  George W. Bush?
i need help with motivation?
How can i sing commercial jingles or do cartoon voices?
What would you do?
Attention ALL illiterates...?
How do I record from guitar directly to my computer?
Where was the underground railroad?
when a apartment agency runs a credit check what do they see?
anyone know Neil frye??
give 10 concepts about computers tnx!?
can earthquakes be prediced?
what is wrong with "In the beginning" in Genesis 1?
what with my sister and illegals?
what would be the best christian denomination?
how can I handle 2 girlfriends?
When doe the Smoke Free Ohio issue take effect?
Can i use a regular PC Monitor with a mac G3?
What does STOW have to do with the Declaration of Independence?
what tissues are ivaled with the lungs?
matter is made particles called?
who did brian crump play cricket for?
I need a funny football team name, can you help?
Say anything about anybody or anything.?
how much hot is the sun ?
Who else is dissapointed with the new James Bond?
what's the best gothic party in Sydney?
How can the nursing enhance bowel elimination?
How do you like your Chicken Fetuses?
how do you get ephinmites?
i am a lizzy how can i stop?
what is the meaning of dick?
who's on a diet?
I would watch this soccer?
How Do You Play Football??
1 and 1 equal 3?
what is the drug alprazolam used for?
how to clean out urinary system?
Sexual side effects of birth control pills?
what is the best laptop for video editing at this time?
How can I check if someone has a criminal record?
Child tax Credit and Anti Ageism law?
where can I go to find out the speed of my internet?
What can a bank leave on your voicemail?
can u cash the big novelty cheques?
How long does food stay in our stomach before passing through?
empirical formula?
Who is your favorite World Cup Soccer Team?
Please Help!?
How to start a report on Emily Dickerson?
Why do girls have so many troubles with guys?
lyrics for this song?
Any Coyote Ugly Moments Anyone?
the Republicans or the Democrats, who gonna win the election?
What is your favorite quote?
What does contemptuous mean?
how can i enlarge  my penis without pills?
i want spells for achievement is there any.?
This one is for the believers.?
What is a good website that?
Who did President Kennedy wiretap?
How many consider this blasphemous and anger provoking?
polynomials?
what does one take to become unhoarse?
Runescape help?
How does Staples become so popular?
what type of education do i need to be an actor?
Telofarmacija?
Which planet would you call home if you could choose?
what do you miss most about the '80's?
Help with SAP?
what kind of deodarent and tooth paste do you use?
The perfect song for english football?
What does theTimberland sign stand for?
penicillin and heart rate?
how can I lose my big stomach?
help me solve this question from logic chapter?
does anybody know who first_name340 is?
Between the Right and Left lung which is the smallest?
How can I help my friend get over his fear of commitment?
Who's the best Brazilian soccer player today?
what happen to a person if she/he swallow a sperm?
whatever happened to speedy gonzalez?
What can I use as cables?
banner advertisements?
Can someone help me with this please?
is palmar hydrosis dangerous?
Hatton vs Mayweather?
what rhymes with Joshi?
Mp4 players??
Why are penguins black & white ?
who likes wwe smackdown or raw better?
is sad realy a form of depresion?
Is there a website that identifies bird songs and calls?
Are there still virgins left on Earth? Are you one?
Should immigrants be deported?
what is real role of student?
what one thing in the entire universe?
Hello! Does anyone........?
what is the structure of ketoses?
How does Japanese antisysmic architecture work?
commited a sin tell me my punishment?
Do you know any postopia codes?
what are the penalties for gross sexual assault class A?
*I love You*?
Down with Bush!!!?
Why is Bill Oâ€™Reilly such a flip flopper?
How do u start potty training a 19 month old boy?
girls only : about toys?
How to convert .java file to .exe file?
Is Terrorism Organized Crime?
what should i do when i feel loneliness?
Sex experts only.?
whos the best team in soccer?
Who is Tom J. Marshal?
Presario laptop?
Can liquids vibrate?
lokin for part-time job? real money?
chemistry questions?
Umm...am i gay?
is this a good deal?
who decides what's "cool"?
i bet none of you can beat me!?
More or less sex after marriage?
locate someone in america and their cell phone number?
Do you like ugly guys?
What are some modern nick names for Amelia?
91-X Radio: X MIX?
wat makes a girl vagina so wet?
Can I check my yahoo mail?
What are the causes of feeling excessive heat in the body?
What is a good music downloading site? bear share ok?
How can I get someone back who I let go?
Anyone up for chatting?  I'm bored.?
need to finformation about nursing uniforms of australian nurses?
How do you get like this??
have you seen a raccoon destroy the back patio screen ?
when is jackass 2 gonna come out?
What if our world coopreate for world peace?
Anyone know where I can find this ring?
What do you think of Oregon State winning the college World Series?
what is the definition of eh?
can i make my penis grow?
Heres a hard one for you legal people...?
Please see this, very intristing?
what happened to the old ways?
What is strepticcos pnemonia?
is it true that Michael Jackson is working on a new album?
What is the best Algebra program?
Who is better?
Do the Seahalks have a chance?
why are they so many crimes in our society today?
What are the ranks in Sumo wrestling?
Is it right?!?
why do mosquitoe bites itch?
What is a REAL Christian?
What is the full form of AKA?
is masturbation important?
Vapour Pressure and Heat of Vaporization?
Am I Falling for my best Friend?
Need help finding a website.?
why are police in atlanta changing there story?
Anyone know how to get assistance with your medical bills?
Is it unnatural to drop weight in about 2 weeks?
Does anyone know what's an impacted baton is?
Bi-polar? Recently started self-harming   .?
how good are Paragon acoustic guitars?
are any of you guys single???
what happens to  convection currents when fluid reaches a constant temperature?
bigboy why do u hate women so much were u stung?
What is the latest code for SRG SWISS?
Rehab?.. what's in there?
What is your oppinion on Eastern European country: Romania ?
What do you buy a man for Christmas who has everything?
Hutang Kerajaan Negeri Sabah?
What are some really great Christmas movies?
what are the conditions in fermenter?
what is the scientific notation of 0.000001?
what is the best free internet washer or performance enhancer?
Is there anyway to rent Video Games online?
Anyone play World of Warcraft?
what is riddlin?
please if u know the answer then only give reply?
Warts problem?
Why Is The Gudwara So Important To Sikh's?
Hulk Hogan for President in 2008! Why not?
is it easy to purchace a home with bad credit?
What is the definition of an express messenger, circa 1880s?
From which gate you can't move?
what does emuzy mean?
How to find a copy of an old Citation?
What is the value of +e and -e?
stomach ache? head ache? allergies?
a question about going off depo provera...?
what is accent?
Why are men so ignorant to women point of views?
can i cash insurance check with body shop on it?
why the women want to be thin?
Part time MBA?
Should i trade?
Quotes from Romeo and Juliet Act III?
two filing classifications used in an office environment?
Do you put love and sex togther in intimacy?
Our first dance?
can you explain me in your words what is LOVE?
Do you have a weight loss success story?
Is everybody in Yahoo Answers a geek?
What's the velocity of an electron around the atom nucleus?
What do you think?Is the friendship important?
what is the right way to study?
How many babies were born on June 6, 2006?
Silent Hill?
what is the best way to get a guy?
Election  Day   Tuesday Will you?
is it possible if i wanna make partition in center track first?
what is swimmers ear?
What is the most thing you dislike in a  woman?
what is the best diet pills out there?
potato cannons?
what happened to mark and chris on hot 995?
How come people feel that they have to go to church?
Do you think its ok for older men to see young girls?
Should he go to the hospital?
What are you doing to celebrate May Day?
do u think?
Why am I so tired?
how do i take a screenshot on my computer?
wpan help! ! !?
Religionists:  Is love selfless?
how do you flirt?
Should we believe in God?
who wins bachelor paris?
when to where double windsor?
What is the right age to enter in a sexual relationship?
returned merchandise?
computer won't let me log on.any suggestions?
i need to get on kimble high school website?
insect and rodent control?
Do you sign your name in red pen?
How could I record on a cd my own voice?
How to do this!?
Will you do this for me?
Age old ?... Independent Women?
if you like NASCAR tell me who your favorite driver is?
what is the queen's favourite tea?
Period problems?
Why religious governments get into wars more than religious neutral governments?
Armistace day?
why is the ACLU necessary.?
do you belivein god?
Who will win the bayern vs milan match?
Do you think being physical with someone is ok?
how does drug trade hurt colombia's development?
Who likes the song "Love You" by Jack Ingram?
What is the meaning and origin of the name Sala?
Is there any circus preformers out there????
Can I get fillings without my mum knowing?
is there anything wrong about kissing on the first date?
Guys: Do you find the FUPA disgusting???
3x - 4y > 7?
south beach diet and eating out?
what style of rock is the beatles and the the who?
Makeout tips?
info about fabricate septic tank system?
After Los Angeles, where should the NFL expand next?
Why are Twinky gay boys so caddy and mean?
How can you Rename a table?
Why do liberals ask dumb questions then complain when we do?
can you get hiv from sex with yourself?
Do aliens exist?
Raise Seritonin?
Where are the low countries?
how do you pierce your own belly-button?
How can a person get "caught" for SS disability fraud?
discuss how social learning influences effect family development?
Why are SOME cheating idiots!!!?
What is the recent structure of world population as concerning the religion?
who was the youngest scientist to get the nobel prize?
wonder this if possible?
is 22 still a young man?
What kind of apron will you wear to cook Thanksgiving dinner?
asfixia quimica?
where can i find a female aikidoka?
Who would like an atheist for president?
What about GNIIT course?
what is die-casting?
Guys are muscular girls attractive?
why was christy hemme fired?
hunger site, is it real?
my bottom lip is swollen and burns and feels bumpy?
A new wind blows!?
How do I create a parallel universe at home?
what do you think?
What could be wrong?
do clams have feelings too?
Where does the white go when the snow melts?
What can this be?
what is treatment of swollen ankle due to water retaintion ?
lump at top of testical?
does popping zits make them heal quicker?
what is Piles and what is the treatment for piles.?
Mutual Funds / Investing Question, Please Assist?
Diffences between Mexican schools and American schools?
Is waterpolo a violent sport for girls??
how i can kiss a man perfecttly?!!?
What are some famous poems about revenge?
what is a certified RRR?
i need help pls???
Strange behavior from boyfriend?
In Karate: What is the number of KATAs?
economy of Germany ?
which is the world`s biggest football  stadium?
Is the United States really a democracy?
what was the score in last raptors game?
role of women in indias freedom struggle?
What is the Smoot-Harley Tariff Act?
which paper towels are more absorbent?
math help.?
danceing hillary  minie clip?
5+9t=3t+2=?
Breasts Itching?
I want to know about unemployment from 1900-present?
need to find a reasonable dentist?
Who thinks Iran will Attack Israel?
What is the Jack Abermoff scandal?
American Idol anyone?
Who will win the 2006 NCAA Men's Tournament?
what is 162x-36?
Is it fair?
How do you tap the potential of the sub concious mind ?
Will these people go to heaven?
Why do spicy foods taste hot?
Is Richard Simmons really gay?
I Need to eat Healthier. 16 male.?
what are removable storage devices?
Should people who are not religious have more children?
What do you think about freedom of speech?
can you really bend that far?
Fortune Tellers? What have they told you that came true?
Can my non-profit be solely supported by my states Government?
Does Adam Morrison Say "You Know" To Many Times?
How can I get a license to sell Team USA Hockey merchandise?
Final Episode of Roseanne?
Why Do Christians Get Mad:?
installer already running?
what are projects of gloria arroyo?
i want to put my pictures back into display properties?
Is our water safe to drink?
MEPS question?
Why does no deepwater form in the Pacific Ocean?
what do i write about?
if you care about a boy how would you show it.?
Can boils be little tiny bumps?
is it bad for a married couple to watch hardcore porn?
over analyzing?
is killing a bug a sin against the bible?
keyword density?
Who was the first black billionaire?
What does one need to do to be a finger-printer?
who has the best chance of going and winning the NBA finals?
What's the best way to lose weight fast?
what is a duvet?
Please help........math problem?
i am 16 and have NO IDEA what sex is?
Why are Ethiopian men such players?
How to continue my education in a university in USA?
which character from wizard of oz are you?
What should I get myself for my birthday?
Where's my tax money going?
how can i get the cbse model question paper?
Would you ever want to be President of the United States?
bleeding while taking coumadin!?
Naming yourself...if you could..?
Can you help me??
How can I get out of my VA teaching contract?
who is buddy owen?
how do I find out who uses a certain po box?
How do u take the pins out of watch bands?
what is url?
refridgerant temp/pressure charts quenstion?
How do you start your own web site to sell items?
what do u do if u have feelings for 2 different girls?
How to solve circuit problems?
David Blaine: Genius or moron?
for the ladies?
What's your explaination of Donnie Darko?
Why are planets such perfect spheres?
how many drops of water are in a litre?
which is harder hand eye coordination or eye foot coordination?
what are the differences of ethnicdance and folk dance?
does anyone know where i can join?
Stereotypes of Male cheerleaders?
Where can I purchase, older movies online?
what is datawarehousing?
Has any women had an endometrial biospy?
Is this an idiom!?
Names Of Militants Web Sites?
How do i write an employee performance evaluation?
is lasser therapy available to stop smoking?
what are the educational requirements for becoming a radiologist?
I need help with this MATH!!!?
Microsoft Access help needed. Add a plus one command?
Can Google Earth run on dial-up?
6 week media blitz advertising?
how long has the harpiest Jeff Majors been around?
Are there good techniques for running on a beach?
How to make a homepage?
How many US presidents graduated from West Point? Name them!?
will i make the first cut of my volleyball tryouts?
simptoms for mitral valve prolapse?
where can I purchase a child size chair lift?
Why did these Iraqis die?
whats cell & mollecullar biology about?
whats your favorite Panic! at the disco song?
can you locate a graphic website in Canada.?
do you trust as seen on tv products.?
What's your kung fu fighting style?
What do you all think about the New Jersey smoking ban?
Who would win this 10 people battle royal?
Accountant and Auditor the difference?
what came first the chicken or the egg???
What Website Offers The Best Prices On Computer Parts?
Is sleeping with ear plugs all night long harmful?
whats wrong w/ my computer?
What are some facts on the Mariana Trench?
is ur salary enough?
how do you tell your crush that you like him?
who was our 23rd President?
Do I need to see a Doctor?
Does anyone know a website from which i can download movies?
where could we apply for an imigration?
What is the largest subscription service on the Internet?
What would cause swelling between the neck & shoulder joint?
What  Happens when the execution of the death penalty fails?
how to over come to depression with out using drugs?
where can i get cheap tickets from to go to San Diego?
what is the best forex trading strategy?
Why are Americans so persecuted?
Who since Dale Long has hit 8 home runs consecutively?
Does god drive a ford pick up?
how big is a centermeter?
Best PC building website?
do inhalers have steriods?
terroris concept?
What is the Focal Point of a Parabola?
Do Bactrim and Sotalol interact?
Do you beleive in ghosts?
Can she-males,which were previously female, create sperm?
How Is Your English Language "IF" Knowledge?
i want to learn about semantic web?
What makes a guy notice you?
Do you have to be 18 to buy diet pills?
Can you help translate  these  to french ?Thanks!?
why choose a mac?
Is it a stretch muscle or is it a hernia?
Is it wrong?
Fantasy baseball questions...?
why is titanium the best for golf clubs?
What's the difference?
Which is the country with top development indicators?
does anyone Else's bf play computer all day?
why are some men anal?
where can i find targus pawm20 driver?
Who here watches Deal or No Deal??
Misdiagnoses?
What ID is needed to get into a bar?
role of kinase in cancer?
How to get rapidshare user and password?
Shooting stars...?
How to gain weight in specific areas?
Why do countries fight over religion?
Anyone know a fast way to learn Flash 5?
Winners....?
a book called fiqh al sunnah?
i need info on how to invest in the stock market?
i need answer now.....?
When do you know its time to go home?
The funniest sales pitch you ever dealt with?
How to ref a 4th/5th grade basketball game?
where i can  get free music?
Should I be upset?
Is this typing speed good?
How can someone find a foreign nanny?
When does the Ps3?
changing branches???
How do I become a famous musician?
Cryme Tyme Pictures?
should I buy a townhome?
belive me his a virgin!!!?
What do you think? Red or White meat?
What do you think of the Serbians?
What is a doctor,that specializes in the bones called?
keyboards and germs?
How many T-shirts do you own with pictures on them?
Is he into me or just flirting?
who got test 2 morrow?  i have!?
Why Argentinians Think They are Not Latin Americans?
whaz your favorite actress, why?
Whats the biggest problem there is now in the world?
When is the equniox?
What do graphics cards do???
Octaves and Frequency?
Where did all the nice people go ?
Brits or Aussies?  Who's friendlier?
Latin translation: In Somnis Veritas?
MacGyver obersvations?
which us universities are good for robotics?
how is basic instinct2?
what will happen if a goalkeeper gets a red card?
What is your biggest turn on with women?
Wat do u think about Cornell as a medical school ?
Do you support George Bush?
What on earth is a "Called Game?"?
Do you worship Satan?
Why is President Bush ratings so low?
mail id of indian cricketers?
Tell me about the last joke you heard!?
Do you make your bed in the morning?
will having sex on your period make it last longer?
What is TT or IP?
Do you know who are Ukrainians?
I need a plastic T-mobile SDA case?
Does he love me or what?
open vote best and worst TV adverts ever?
what is the best investment?
Hooking My Laptop Up to Friends DSL?
Shouldn't immigrants abide the laws?
Why is my pee hot?
how do i get divorced? help please?
Why's football urs and my favourite game?
do u like dell d610 ladtop's?
Have you been ripped off by Bank of America or Chase?
who loved wCw?
What do you do?
how can i tell her that she can't come?
what languages are most operas in??
is resistance of wire same on Dc and Ac?
whats the best way to ask a girl out?
how do i straighten my teeth at home?
Is Oscar night the same thing as MTV movie awards???
birthday question?
Nice names anybody???
What is a "bloke?"?
Tell me of your real ghost stories.?
how do you pronounce heifer?
please help me about my assignment:?
What is the four specializations within the medical field?
Why is everyone so mean?
why do we raise our shoulders when it's raining ?
What would you do if this happened to you?
Are you from minnesota?
risk of heart attacks?
Tips for an aspiring boxer...?
design of sound level meter?
For muslims to answer please.?
how long does oxycontin stay in your system?
How long for cantact lens useage?
Girlz help me pls :D?
who has ever seen spaceballs the movie?
What is a little know fact about stewart stern?
how many days is it normal that a womanÂ´s period delays?
Which NFL team has won the most super bowls?
20 centimeters = how many inch's?
Who Thinks that Mexico will Upset Argentina??
how can i delete file through command prompt?
who is oshama bin laden?
when does french open start?
how to remove errors from pc?
What do you think of National Farting Day?
does penis size matter for sex?
anyone homeschooled???
How much does it cost to get id renewal in Ohio ?
Any web sites that offer copy editing practice?
let me ask thinking friends here a question?
lets all live to together in peace in britain?
What's a circuit ?
when was first british heart bypass surgery performed?
Who is known as the Father of the World Cup?
what are the best resources to learn Spanish?
what is the social-cognitive model?
is anybody in love with a stripper?
Social Actions?
What  the heck?
What is the best way to study for an exam?
How does god's forgiveness/judgement work?
Is WWE fake?
Chocolate, Vanilla or Strawberry?
where is the g-sopt?
Does anyone of u know french??
How much money does a Teen Vogue intern make?
side effects?
Who is the Allen County Indiana's District Attorney?
Why is Faeces Color normally brown ?
Tomas Sivok?
Have you ever wondered why you wondered why?
why do children still get bllied at school?
The Atomists were determinists.?
Please Help!!?
Adding a buddy on aim?
Do spyder mr1 paintball guns take nitrogen?
why do we get sick?
pirates of the carribean?
what is d toughest studies in d whole world?
Aztec calendar?
how to spice up a dull realationship?
whats  a town structure guild system?
What is your secret for being young?
How can I get  job from the internet ?
What would posses a guy to wear Uggs?
Should I go for Hair cutt or not?
what arises in the right atrium?
urgent question about how Personal Norton Firewall looks?
help! please and thank you!?
2a-5b* a-3b?
Cold hands???
Does life insurance pay out for suicide?
Share your funniest comment?
Is it too late for us?
What are your top 10 best songs of all time???
Should I pick up this TE option?
What is your belief on Vampires?
What is your opinion of Jared Leto's acting?
Mom's knee problem?
Humans.....?
How do you grow a beard faster?
American Footbal outside the USA?
Why are tornadoes called tornadoes?
Boy Troble Help!?
why some of electrolytes strong , while others are weak?
Who will be the biggest transfer target after the world cup?
what do you drive?
check this out?????
They all Look alike?
Can a company without an official business license issue a warranty?
Should i be in the Winter Olympics or the Spring Olympics?
What is an annuity?
what is the coolest thing on the internet?
who is member jark79?
Who thinks KCMO needs new baseball players on the Royals?
how can i lose 10 pounds in a week or two??
How do glaciers change the land?
What is egocentric?
where is your city?
full forms of FIFA ?
Dieting and Fitness... you're opinion?
were does surrey get its water from?
Should i go for it?
How do I delete an AOL acount?
Is this lie number 8064 for Bush?
how do i get rid of temp internet files?
Best skiing in Canada for 31 Mar - 7 April 2007?
have u ever?
Braces spacers?
anyone know if i can or how to email music??
Im scared.....?
how did sperm whales get their name?
How do you cope with your fiance being bipolar?
For Guys ONLY... Girls with tattoos?
I am looking for a search engine for agricultural topics only.?
anybody out there have any interesting questions to ask?
spyware ad pop ups-critical error found?
Why do Americans complain about the illegal immigrants?
what is the protocol?
Phone Booth?
Who do you want to see in celebrity boxing?
What Paintball Gun Is Recommended To Buy?
Where is Fillament of a tube light present?
define removable prosthodontics.?
What is the best movie out to rent today?
Are there any Scottish or Irish people here?
me and my girl friend want to have some fun?
Will my love life work with Dexter?
LISTIN i hav a problem?
whats the most recorded shells for a atom?
software freeware?
I has problem with my sound card?
what is natural resource management?
Why dont women like nice and good men?
How do you increase soccer skill?
what are the main industries of Russia?
770 is a area code for what state?
what is Australia's absolute location?
Who is going to win the england game today?
where can i find the instructions for crest white strips online?
Do you truly appreciate someone who does a good job?
Amazing Race & ANTM?
If you could be one person......?
How we control car emissions?
will you remember stuff better if you hear or see it?
Who will be the king of this global village?
How Can I Like Myself?
Are we having fun yet?
why christ should die for our sins?
What can i do to stop gaining waight????
Who's starting for England for the TnT game?
Will or should Kim and I get back together again?
some weather expressions in spanish?
How do I burn .ISO files to make the one program?
Avoiding import duty?
What is the purpose of tree planting activities?
How much income does a medical aesthetician earn per year?
Why aren't there bullet-proof pants?
US newspaper +MBA worldwide?
Who else heard of Florida Virtual School....?
who are the 2 senators of Florida called?
Which one of Blake Shelton's songs are your favorite?
Don't talk back?!?
What do you think about Canada's Caribbean ambition???
how do i get hot at the community pool to notice me?
do u believe....?
When does the fed meet next?
Why do I feel so disconnected from Men?
How can you differentiate between an equation and an expression?
Wat is ERP?
Would you please vote on this?
should i tell him that iam a virgin?
the best 3d modeling software?
Questions for Intelligent Atheists Only.?
What are the chances of God?
R.I.P. chong?!?!?
Who is JesusChrist ?
How do you treat Lupus & put it into withdrawl?
which nation will win fifa world cup 2006?
i need ways to cheer my friend.?
Where is David Mann of Tyler Perrys plays and movies?
What are the dates for 2007 SATS?
where can i find a good physics project?
How do i get free music with out credit card?
What is the best site for music torrents?
attempts the colonies made to peacefully settle their differences with England?
whats the top cycling community in the usa?
how do persian girls think of guys approaching them?
how do i remove moivepass.com?
Can you help me to log in to myspace.com?
Can adults get chicken pox?
quickest physician's assistant programs?
views on benelli shotguns?
Genetic Continuity Questions?
Best way to...?
Who was Eves Weekly Miss India in 1975-76 ?
How to approach mom about GYN?
Tell me one hundred words without "A" alphabet.?
what is marketers product porfolio?
who was peter cotton tail ???
whats the best work at home job?
Who has heard of Flyleaf?
Name something students do while studying?
What goes 99 thump, 99 thump, 99 thump?
boat motor question?
How many papagraphs are in a narrative writing?
How does an Internet business influence its "location?
how would you deal with this?
Rock This Party Lyrics?
vapor pressure of distilled water or pure solvent?
In which country would you like to spend your summer holidays?
How can I make 0.1 mol HCL solution?
Should I tell my wife?
whats your world cup dream team?
whatis breast cancer?
What are the pros and cons to Direct TV?
Looking for the artist and title...?
Will Spanish answer for the genocide in America?
how much should i drink????
How does one start a career in nursing?
what causes a constant twitch in one eyelid?
help please?
Selection process?
what can you do if you butt bleeds?
Which gene gives us our eye color?
What does throwing yourself naked off the empire state building feel like?
Safari browser question?
i want a job in wwe as new dx member?
In bowling, how many points does a strike count for?
Who was Benjamin Oliver Davis Sr's parents?
math help PLEASE!!!?
what year was sales tax created?
what should i act if your country frame you?
Who won the 2006 US open Golf Championship?
why is the ocean salty?
do boys like anorexic girls????
Why scientist don't find a proper medicine for cancer?
Is it possible for a child to disown a parent?
?  can an engine be powered by molecular charged water?
What diseases does chicken pox lead to?
did you or do you like kurt cobain?
How does the FBI investigate Child Porn cases.?
Writing techniques?
Fighting terrorists with the pen instead of the sword.?
Why are mothers important?
dose any women out there have any sexy pics?
Something anoying aboout Yahoo Q&A!?
Finance company repossessed car?
How do you all feel about reincarnation?
Has anyone tried the South Beach Diet?
explain the difference between bank charges and government taxes and duties?
i really like...?
should i just forget the one who mean the world to me?
wht are the complaints regarding quality of service and facilities?
Is QUEEN OF THE NIGHT in the house?
Are you sitting in judgement over someone tonight?
How does a IF signal splitter work in an electronic circuit?
Have you ever eaten food straight out of a can?
page error?
I want my last paycheck?
what happened to agatra.com?
Why is being a fiscal conservative better than moderate democrat?
Whatis a wireless router and how do you use it?
Where can I find a free national stock number directory?
Have you started your Christmas shopping yet?
Is it harmful for health if anybody eats paper?
Why are Jewish men so attracted to black women?
what mean 4 `HLR'?
do u belive in aliens?
a woman opinon?
who loves shakira?
OK how do i do this pural and singular homework?
are call centres safe and healthy to work at night?
Does President Bush need to send more troops to Iraq?
who is cheif justice of India?
What does a jockstrap do??
What search engine do ya'll use to search crap?
Do you believe in the power of real love?
Has anyone had a TRAM flap surgery for breast reconstruction?
Who is the greatest villain out of all the final fantasy games?
Okay this morning?
what will happen when u don't dive properly?
What is the most potent venom of any animal in the world?
Maths, chemistry, further maths and Physics Formulae?
Can Yahoo 360 compete with Myspace?
Would you be open to an interracial relationship?
does second hand smoke bother smokers?
Any words you can think of?
Can I run an adult website in kansas?
What is a good salary for a VP?
Do you generalize?
Are you old fashioned?
When do we pick a new squad in Yahoo Fantasy FIFA?
poverty + ignorant = terrorism   correct ?
which one of these mythological characters would win in a fight?
what is the function of stipules?
what is the southern viewpoint of the tariffs?
who remembers the show small wonders?
How about this one?
Who was the worlds first sheriff?
why cant i find mr. right guy?
What are some of your fave funny movie quotes?
Would it be a good idea?
what do you think of italians?
What should I do??????
Do you judge people too quickly?
What exactly Occurs In a Vesak Celebration?
what is normal?
What does my last nane mean? Hines?
Gil & Sara...what's the hold up?
please read?
How did you choose your username for Y/A?
i am 14 and 4 moths pregnant?
What is wrong with you?
Can someone explain a tax deduction on adoption fees?
Name Artist & Song Title?
who is the greatest rapper of all time ?
Which is better bangs or layers?
Allen Iverson...?
what is the hotal tax rate in New York City?
What have I become, my sweetest friend?
Does your Avatar look like you???
American Idol or Fear Factor?
Who is Daniel Hale?
Do you listen to music while answering questions?
College help?
what are the exports of jordan?
How many feel Sorry for Laura Bush and Why?
pain when swallowing in the back.?
What can Chuck Norris do?
just something i'd like to share?
Answer this mind game?
What sport did I use to do?
Does anyone like fat girls?
how do girls masturbate?
Are there persons with two sexual organs at the same time?
Social services?
characteristic of a good researcher?
whats your  favorite song?
how can I change the cursor that blinks?
WOMBAT-- pilot aptitude test?
Which Star Wars movie is your favorite?
Do you agree?
Is there intelegent life out in the universe?
Zoomshare Question?
How Much did NASCAR earn last year?
why can't penguins fly?
What is stationary phase and mobile phase in Chromatography?
will meat thaw out faster in cold or hot water?
how to get software projects from company and submit if from home?
how to create user in active directory in VB .net ?
Dating divorce parents with kids?
How do you write a middle school election speech for vice president?
What do the legal immigrates think?
Can someone sue over this...?
concept of generator?
what determines your blood preasure?
I need resources for independent businesses.?
Why are jews hated all thrue history?
which cultre is the best in the earth?
How do you find the career that is right for you?
Where to learn computer networking?
what is a langguway?
what is God?
How to ever recover???
can you prove 3+3=7?
how does the forest canopy protect the soil?
What is your favorite way to relieve stress?
how many feet is 234 yards?
Mother in law!!!!!?
Does weight training help in preparation for a triathalon?
What can I do about my friend?
How can you tell that someone suffers from Schizophrenia?
What are single people supposed to do on V-Day?
How can I convince my husband to go on a vacation?
Foot fault?
only if you live in arizona?
name 3 left handed presidents?
what is a honey dipper?
Dip on your chips,prefer what do you?
what are the consequences of war?
Does anyone have any advice for a Tennis player?
Am I the only person who likes Kakeru Manabe?
why do i have pterofobia?
What is the distance between Planet Earth  and Venus ?
Any good jokes?
Designated Hitter?
What is an alternate definition for scar?
What would you do if you hit a parked car without insurance?
did jewish killed Jesus and Muhammad? how about Moses?
How many have NEVER been cheated on?
what are 12 codd rules?
Do you think Tom Cruise is way too old for Katie Holmes?
Bad Habits Among Malaysia Culture?
who likes the new making the band?
What do you think???
sports cards price guides?
what is hayfever?
If Jimmy cracked corn, would you care?
best email client?
What to do!?!?
how do i let him know i am single?
can anxity makes a permanent high bp?
How often should I do cardio?
why does my leg hurT?
who thinks the bush presidency is the worst ever?
good chillout music?
Can you belive anything that Demacrats say?
i need to help my sister she has cancer?
what does sophie's choice mean?
whats minimum wage in massachusetts?
MY BABY SISTER...?
What are the most popular file-sharing programs?
How can you get a boy to like you?
Mariah Carey - Ur General Opinion?
another probabilty question (stats)?
What are the relationships between weather elements and weather factors?
Are scorpios really that great at sex?
What electron charge is present on protein molecule?
was god to lazy to come down himself to tell everyone?
Redskins on VHS or DVD?
whizz kid needed?
Did you have a nice Easter?
how is the media controlled?
where is the country of Qatar?
how to say i miss you in french?
Do most gay people prefer Macs to PCs?
what attracts a skater boy?
was sir alf ramsey a spurs fan?
buying pain meds online?
what questions still remain about the Big Bang?
what would happen if gynecology became female only occupation?
where can i get the cheapest domain name?
i need help in my assignment in physics class?
how do you know when love is finally over?
what make paper?
How do I keep chemistry lab goggles from fogging?
What team in Spain did Rudy Voeller play for?
Perfect? To be a model.....?
what do you people think about all the illegal immigration issues?
How do I start participating in forex money making?
how can i make money with my webcam?
Who won between Chivas and Sao Paolo?
How do I get Rid of salmonella from my stomach?
Women, I need girlfriend advice...?
Is any good course on robotics?
Hitler was a Christian?
Has anyone had any experience buying a hearing aid on line ?
What are the Health checks for an astronaut?
need information on rotary cup tear.?
a word question....?
how do you know if and expression can be factored?
do u accept what Denmark people had said about the prophet Mohamed?
Why monopoles are not found ?
what are a few challenges faced by scholars?
What are mesenchymal cells?
title of vincent tv series first episode?
Where is the best place to fish on the great lakes?
should pot be legal?
where can i find windows 98 sec. ed. ?
when will i start my period?
How to become a ninja?
Did Holland show how the Argentine attack can be blunted?
Moderate or Progressive?
How can I lower my tryglycerides?
Does your boyfriend/girlfriend mother get on your nerve?
Is 10k gold the same as 10kt ?
what is an IM?
Where was the first photograph of a tornado taken?
Has anyone had throat surgery for sleep apnea?
how to find out if someone is employed?
Does anybody guys want to suck me up?
dialectical Journals?
Any website for free upload song to myspace..?
How tall r u?
What Will You Do Best To Save The Planet?
blister like bumps?
How do you investigate a company?
What is a PHP Framework?
Do you handle bitter disappointment very well?
The Prime Meridian is which line of longitude?
What happens to you when you overdose on iron pills?
I need a company description of target. Can you help me?
It is Monday morning and I am already bored...?
Why do people countine to call them Indians??!?
What holy days did the ancient Greeks celebrate throughout the year?
when wil the class tenth boards result will come?
Any Good Websites to get your music heard?
will I go with joe?
Describe ur dream girl/guy?
Rash in groin area, can I treat this naturally?
free site for mp3 downloads where no registration is required?
How can I put together a Navy Wedding?
is the ACT/SAT required for this college?
People Against the U.S.?
does the universe ever come to a stop.?
Help with golf tournament for benefit?
Can you figure out this riddle?
how to tie arbor knot?
Can you go straight to univercity from school?
how do i get rid of lower backache?
Which is your favorite media player?
can a dart kill u?
How Can I open "RAR files"?
What causes endometreosis?
Do you have enough faith to be an atheist?
Why is George Bush persecuting homosexuals?
Can you send me the dietary laws for the Mormon religion?
humans without emotions or robots with ?
where can I get Free cell phone reverse look up?
Who is the better passer? Magic Johnson or John Stockton?
how u guy like yung joc?
Do you have...?
can you go to a tanning bed while breastfeeding?
Exactly how many stars are in the sky?
What is satanic belief?Satanists only!!?
IN search for files or folders?
husband problem?
Who do you think will be American Idol this year?
who in yahoo!answers is under 29?
What did amendment 21 do?
is it ok to be bisexual?
What are the major muscles used in freestyle swimming?
how do you describe your favorite color to a blind person?
Should I stay, or should I go?
how do you make ice into fire?
How to setup a database on SQL server provided?
what impact did the African Americans have on the WWII?
Who likes pagecomputers.com?
who is the kkk?
Please could you help me (it's serious) ?
Was Jesus around before the pagans?
How many stripes and stars has the American flag???
How did Marilyn die.?
Was that the best Dunk contest since 2000?
How many dams are there along the Colorado River?
Area Code Help?
what animal causes more deaths worldwide?
what factors influence presidential approval ratings?
How soon before one proposes should they talk to her parents?
What are your thoughts on Ramsey Clark?
what is the difference between weight and mass?
where is it that water gos up and not down??
Isn't this just like Medicare?
Why don't I get points for asking questions anymore?
RelationShips, Man and Women, Love?
Fight with my friend?
some good public speekrs...?
who is a president?
real or for real?
description of rapids please?
Can someone please help me with these homework questions?
How much has the USA borrowed from foreign countries?
how does it feel to kiss someone?
where can i find online to take exams about stock market analysis?
What should u do to aid someone who gets knocked out?
What is the specific heat capacity of the human body?
How Long Does It Take For You To Clean Your Room?
myspace question?
How can we learn english faster for communicating with people?
what does gobate kudaisai means ?
how do i get a restraining order removed in California?
why hernia develops?and what is capacitation?
who wants to be a  TRILLIONIAR?
Question about early pms?
what time in morning does tree leaves excreting oxygen most?
Help me train harder weight lifting/ other?
why do my questions keep getting removed?
Why Social Security Benefits for Illegals?
Does acupuncture work?
why did bowwow  cheat on ciara?
why are people so fake?
Does President Bill Clinton Drink?
home remedies 4 earache???
I need to know the title of a song.?
Image search?
What is an airport card?
what da heck is a coordinate plane =]?
help me please!?
how to distinguish between an alligator and a crocodile?
How far do you drive every day? Average?
President of 2008?
Does this statement conflict with the First Amendment...?
why dont you think she likes me the way i do?
what are the biblical punishments for fornicators?
Ubuntu help!!!?
does anyone know where i can make a website for free??
how to find a voice of customer for taxicab service?
Dentist and HELL?
anatomy and physiology of mollusk?
Why are religious people blinded by their beliefs ?
What are Taft-Hartley plans?
can you go to jail for oweing taxes?
Work Trivia someone help me?
Can you describe how you met your current bestfriend?
R i d d l e?
Que pensez vous de Ronaldo actuellement ?
What is the best goth performer/band  of all time?
what you want to be after complete your education?
Does anyone have a child that has to wear an eye patch?
when is your birthday?
Soccer times?
why do miami heat fans wear all white?
who sings the song warewolf in london?
ether functional groups found in reserpine?
Where in michigan is Betty Mahmoody from?
My friend has periodontic disease and bone loss?
Doesn't George Bush look like Curious George?
The Vulcan neck pinch,does anyone remember this?
How much input should there be raising step-children?
Who does he like?
Have you ever done society a favor?
Is there any web messenger for yahoo.?
who will win football WC 2006&why?
Law for underage sex?
Fontpage tabs?
a different desktop?
How many calories in 6oz of liver?
Where have women /girls peed besides in the toilet?
jet Li vs Peter North, who will win?
How do you do a german accent?
distinguish between primates and other mammals.?
How do I clear a clouded title?
export houses who deals in export and import in newdelhi?
On what day is the 2006 nfl draft?
are csis cops or do the just work with them?
How do i turn off my laptop's keyboard?
i luv the great kali do u?
What is the true name of God?
I need the adress of a very good financial website.?
Ethics Question?
how to write affidavit for prosecution criminal case?
touching women?
what is the composition and/or quality of a magnet?
Can you balance a ball on the end of your nose?
kissing???
how can i see spirits ?
what is a good song 4 this...?
Arrange the following in order from smallest to biggest:?
Will The Hardy's Be The New Tag Team Champions?
Should we be allowed on the school playground at lunch and break?
What do you consider a good salary?
Another Seinfeld question...?
Am I or not??
How can I get a copy of my paternity test?
USA Sport?
do you like Johnny Homicidal Maniac?
What's a slam?
is it good to go around killing people for fun and comedy?
i have dark spots on my forhead what could it be?
what is a good reaserch for coloring flowers?
Panic! at the Disco Question?
women in the military?
How do you pronounce Felicitously?
how to reset cmos on a laptop?
the prophet amos?
Has anyone bought the new keith urban cd?
What is your favorite game animal to hunt?
Do you suport the NRA?
Name of song in Kill Bill?
does every country in the world have daylight savings?
What is the song in  the movie Little manhattan?
How long????
How do I get a website on the internet.?
Tall Dark Handsome?
Tell me more about Integrated Circuit?
list of usa cities and states?
how does the satellite work?
Who is going to stop the heat?
can someone tell me who sings this and plays it?
Who is better?
people r just some hater?
Does "few" mean 2 or 3?
Is it possible for everyone in the world to believe in God?
How many feet does 74,130 miles equal?
what day of the week was November 16, 1943?
Gymnastics Gym in Toronto?
Did any of you remember David Coulthard?
Do you have any Christmas gift ideas for coworkers?
How is life after bankruptcy? Are there any survivors out there?
i suck at math?
what is the world's heaviest living creature ?
Why Did Jesus Preform Miracles?
Private or Socialized Medicine?
when do you think posada will be back?
have u guys seen the movie meet the fockers?
What is the best way to record a performance at a concert?
How would you spend your last 24 hours on earth.?
You think tanning beds are causing skin cancer?
Do people remember one night stands?
is the moon a satillite???
Girls and Guys what is A level?
Where is the best place to get a mortgage in Milwaukee?
is internet can bring people close together?
What do high school guys look for in a highschool girl?
Who is the most well known celebrity born on your birthday?
is this illegal?
how many cans have you crushed on your head?
I need a rhyme for the word articulate?
Why did the pregnant lady go to pizza hut??
XP Battery Meter?
How come everyone does not use the spellchecker?
what are the effects of smuggling to nigerian economy?
Where can I file a complaint against a business?
should i be ashamed?
how do i block dangerous website for my 14 year old son?
Golf Tournaments over $25000?
What are the Surface features of Pluto?
name a technology for me to write a physics project on?
Broken sound on my PC?
Does it count as a swing if....?
What defines an island?
Should elderly or frail death row inmates be executed?
How many times has England won FIFA Senior Football World Cup?
what are the basic concepts of the working of a robot?
Would you consider voting for Hilary Clinton if she ran for President?
What can I do with my best friend when we are bored?
Is Oprah Winfrey American or African?
how is your highschool's sports teams doing?
Anyone else have a problem with tanning?
which coach has set the best record in world cup finals.?
what is the square root of strawberry jam?
Do you believe in god?
What do you think of the oscar given to Crash?
How many people believe in saving for an rainy day?
find the integral from 10 to 13 of 2xdx?
Are we headed for a nuclear war again?
is argentina a comonweath nation.?
Does the use of cocaine for pleasure cause problems at work?
why do some people?...?
is god preppy, gangster or just a regular nerd?
Will me and Jett get married?
i have gained weight from celiac diease did you?
Are there colleges that offer Demonology Classes?
what does a women look for a man? is it looks?
as a republican are you angry to find out?
To all the Vets....?
Im first riddle so bare with me?
What do African Americans think about the illegals?
How many people on here come from Wyoming?
what can i do?
Will this Marriage Last?
Does anyone object to biracial relationships?
How do mostadults with learning disabilities live?
are there blonde hair blue eyes lebanese people?
Defensive shut down?
How to join the da vinci religion?
what age can a child be left alone in fl.?
HTML <form> and <input> question?
I am geting mixed signal from husband again need some advice?
Can someone help me compare and contrast Q and Ksp?
So what were you on Halloween?
What was bugs bunny catch phrase ?
What is better? Capitalism or socialism?
there are no stupid questions or stupid answers.?
I can not make DVD copy ,what am i doing wrong ?
Where do I go wrong?
what is the radio word of the day?
Which comany in US sells alkyls?
What is life like in hell?
would you rather be a werewolf or a vampire?
How can I do to get the citizenship of United Kingdom ?
Sports Help?
Ladies 35+???
what is an example for simple diffusion and facilliated?
how do i become a porn star?
what is politics according to machiavelli?
How many singles did Elvis record?
I love scary movies, but not many scare me?
if i needed to be shaved would u do it?
where were the peace keeping operations sent?
Would take Immortality if it was offered to you?
what nba player has the most nba championships?
What do I do about my horrible seasonal allergies?
how to get to satellite in one?
Do you think there is different dimensions on earth?
why should the nozzle hole be smaller than the gas inlet?
what is skin bleaching?
there is a girl i like what should i do?
what dates was Alvin Ailey born,died?
I need help?
childhood ADD can be cured?
POLL please answer honestly?
who won the very first race at daytona?
What sound does an ocelot make?
The Hardest Riddle?
find massage parlour in washington dc?
why do clouds rarely touch the ground?
why are teeth sometimes referred to as "puppies" ?
being sued!?
what r some go ways to inpress a girl in bed?
Router Locked !!! Can anyone help?
maydaymystery?
What is the matrix?
why does your heart beat still today?
Funny first kiss story?
Do you support your local skateboarder?
What is the names of Mary Higgins Clark's brothers?
how do i deal with enemies when meeting them in the street ?
What are the top 10 best movies of all times and why?
God's children?
What you think about your whole body to be thrown into hell ?
What's with the Minorities name?
Looking For A Bass and Crappie Forum?
what is yahoo?
who will win italy or germany?
Is it time for the Messiah?
Yankees or red Sox?
how do i purchase tickets to see the NRL footy show?
What is your favorite color??
how to patent a scientific theory,invention in india?
Does any one know anything about creative curriculum?
who made man before god?
Another business idea?
will a sunflower grow in sand?
What's that Song?
How can I get bigger arms?
why are you GAY?
when is booker t. washington's birthday?
how to digitize family photos?
Why are so many teens getting drunk and getting killed?
Ecological entrepreneurship?
Slevin's weird condition?
I feel abandoned?
#2     How is quality possible ?
how do i increase my homepage hits?
sermon on Bible Job chapter 8 1:7?
NEED HELP! please answer?
I need help with this math problem?
How is East Timor doing now?
what if i do look good enough for him?
what is the rank between the branches of the military?
Treatment for a strained groin muscle?
What is Poland inversion algorithm?
how do i add a network ready printer to my computer?
Diary of a Young Girl:Anne Frank ??!!?
what is the most power full anti-virus program?
How do I improve my climbing by three grades?
Mix Up at the Hospital?
Why do my nose start bleeding without any reason?
Did that US defender duck on the set piece goal?
when does the 5th harry potter movie come out?
can someone give me interesting facts about venus?
Endothelium cells?
Magazines?
Happy Birthday Marines?
what date is father's day on in america?
What is the difference between Hinduism and Buddhism?
Can you solve the missing dollar riddle?
how do i live in different countries?
Who beat Steaua Bucharest in the UEFA Cup semifinal?
*desperate*?
who own's the nsppc?
What do you think about classical music?
what is the origin of thanksgiving?
Do other countries have bans on abortions?
I am looking for a website with printable cards?
Devil joke lol?
What are the steps of the digestive system?
why iraq war?
Will yahoo ever charge for this service?
transportation policy governing gas and oil run items cross country?
cross-stich DMC Number for Anchor 310?
I have low sex drive!  HELP!?
did senator greenleaf win the 2006 election?
Would you rather be a peaceful Buddhist or a violent Christian?
Where can I find photos of early mainframe computers?
Why did Yahoo! delete my question?
What to do for a job interview?
Getting a white collar job with a DUI?
What state am I from (3 guesses per person)?
mr & mrs smith?
Why is it so hard to really stop sin?
i have heartburn and i feel lightheaded?
TRAIN the band? what do you think?
what do u know about muslems?
If I walk with God....?
Steady for 4 years, it's time already?
Can you use dial up with WiFi?
how many milliliters of acid does your stomach prouce?
i want to see a map of  the human body?
Why does Bush insist on having written copies of questions in advance?
Do you want to download the internet for free of cost?
What is the best company for hosting applications on a dedicated server?
Will I ever find myself a normal boyfriend within my religion?
What is the different between formal and informal dressing?
My Movie Idea #2?
what is union leave?
calculator?
who won the previous champions league (soccer)?
Yahoo Christian chat roams?
good facts about planet pluto?
Easy 10 points????
George Bush Go to hell.?
What dose 1/6+1/2 equal?
when ripping cd's to media player why so slow?
Howcan I become a mortgage broker?
christian websites?
Have you ever told another of a past occurence??
Who Else Loves Blues Music? Your Favorites?
can i get some help?
who can say about excel function?
32 inches is how many centimeters?
Am I fat and/or Chubby?
I am needed a template letter thing for...?
Is there a website that lists police informants?
Killing of innocents permitted in the bible?
what does paraconscious mean?
accounting question?
Who will host 2010 football worldcup?
what time does Brazil play today?
california 3 strike law?
What accent should I use?
what are barley adaptations?
How to cure thyrod?
Smiley Face?
What are the specific properties of talc?
Why not militarize the border?
how can i link two website?
How many albums individually did Nirvana sell?
What are the latest developments on the Riemann hypothesis?
Who wants to pay for a trip to India?
Information available over the Internet should be controlled?
how to login for chat?
I need help breaking into the music business?
Anyone know any good websites that deal with quantum theory?
effect of training and development on corporate performance?
"Red Scare" impact on American life?
when do angel tickets go on sale?
i;m looking for sweetbay supermarket?
Is this normal?
what is the difference between trolling and trawling ?
why can't touch the Sun?
When you breathe, where does the carbon come from?
Help with You Tube?
Does contraceptive have side effects?
is the textbook called tropical biology still in print?
Shouldn't we just let Iran take-on Israel?
Will I have a citizenship?
What does "emphasis added" mean?
why is eating disorder prevalent in the united states?
Do you like.....?
What should I do with my life???
has anyone heard of the album Dark Horse?
Where do I meet people?
When and where was the 1st FIFA event held in the world?
How did the birthday cake come about?
What state has the lowest minimum wage?
Who is Jennifer McCutchen?
what name do you like to be called by?
What is dark matter?
Why are  people so bias?
Which schools are famous for Doctoral programs of Government Accounting?
How many states have you lived in?
Whats The Hebrew Word For Soul Mate?
what is a heel spire?
why would someone be so rude as a user was?
Are you offended that Christopher Columbus has his own holiday?
what girls think your hot and why?
What is the most outlandish lie you have ever told?
what will the bluejackets do?
how bad do you want ten points?
who is Howdy Doody?
19. Which of the following is a correctly written compound word?
Does anyone know a computer forum for kids?
is denying global warming comparable to denying evolution?
Any new songs everbody likes?
Which Martin's young father was a railroad man?
dvd or video of prince musicology concert in 2004?
what is the translation for Roman number XXVIII?
just met a pro athlete today?
Attitudes, behaviors, and communication skills on a team?
why is school so important?
Are you going to school or working on May 1st?
how can i add different backgrounds to my web page ?
Why is this damned question answer crap so addictive??
do guys tend to go after athletic or girly girls?
Why can't Yahoo answers include a spell checker.?
anybody tried zantrex?
What is the definition of a sociopath?
is IDAHO a Common Law Marrage state?
Do women enjoy?
Interest Groups?
How hard is to start skateboard at 25??
how do you reinforce network security?
Rope Climb?
Please help!!!?
how can i open .rm?
Can they tow your car from church?
Do you let your boyfriend/girlfriend answer your cell phone?
What are some exotic animals I can keep as pets???
How can I get an nice face?
girls from thailand?
constipation and excess mucus in stools?
why does a candle flame take a teardrop shape?
Best apartments in Raleigh (Cary), NC?
Any idea...How to make yourself happy?
Me and my boyfriend have some problems with sex?
A+ Certification Book?
What is difference between database Mirroring and Replication?
Another Fart question?
what is best Material for making dildo?
should employers have Look at facebook?
How can I relieve drowsiness/dizziness?
i love a game?
how do i say this name?
Why is the p.o. closed?
What are some good antonyms of improvise?
please give me details about over head projectors?
Personal Question?
Birthday anyone?
what causes a cold?
Why is it????
how far is the distance around the world?
How do you prevent your child from getting ear infections?
Is Al-Qaeda behind the Mexican uprising?
can anyone give me at least 5 biological tools and their uses?
how does ligt go though water?
What do you think about the abiotic oil theory?
what happens when water at 8 degree C to 3 degree C?
the best way to kiss a girl?
What are the limitations of the Western philosophical tradition?
do u love somebody?
Where to play billiards in Avondale, AZ?
How can i convert large photo size to JPG?
What does "less in the red" mean?
How do I get a Santa Hat for my avatar?
is it ok to have  oral sex?
Why are most planetary objects a sphere shape?
Can the Aussie Socceroos win the world cup?
explain the motion of gyroscope.?
So is only americans celebrating this big holiday tomorrow?
do buddhists only believe in one god?
should turkey be able to join the eu?
Is there more than 1 God?
where are the stars in the afternoon?
what is meant by win-win concept ?
why do most women fear sex?
what looks good on a woman?
a flower shop joke......?
Who will win the world cup in 2006?
Is the book 1984 any good for the modern reader?
w32.NetcodoD.Worm?
Problem with past relationship?
what is something good to invest in?
x squared + 3x + 2=0 ?
where is the siksika arena?
Why does Yahoo 360 suck so bad!?
What is "The American Dream"?
which life is god after marige or before?
narcalepsy?
Jimmy Fallon?
Door-holding etiquette?
What's the most best answers you got in one day?
equation of c3h6+hbr?
what is the difference between listing and exclusion?
information about instrumentation?
which way do you put it?
How do i know if a guy likes me??
Any gay men have a web cam?
If God is all-knowing, why did he create Satan?
Do you believe in Horoscopes?
what website helps me analyze the grammar in any sentence?
Did dinosaurs and man live on earth at the same time?
who is the greatest baseball player for the yankees?
French Homework Help?
who was thefirst person to reach on moon?
Why do people believe in silly horoscopes?
Do Seahawks have a shot at the super bowl this year?
I need guy advice!?
What is the best video codec pack?
what colors are the best for motivating employees?
How to use 'get' in english?
who is best soccer player in defender ?
What is Aggie Muster?
What is 12/30=1 1/2 / x?
are aunts creative?
me and my friends get to be in a movie!?
can you spread std orally?
Did you know that conservatives love hate mail?
internet explorer 6 locks up when you click on address bar?
what wouldnt you want to live without???
Concept of JavaScript Programming Language?
What is your favorite couple from a game or anime?
what do women look for in a man?
can a 36 yo man enlarge his pennis?
Anyone out there have taken Adderall?
i want to know about my brothers death?
anybody wanna help?
Gay Marriage question.?
Will anyone share a chant to the God or Goddess?
Can someone tell me the artist and song for these chorus lyrics?
what is the perfect date with a limited budget?
How many bones are there in a human body?
where do I go too download java games?
How do I get a job that pays me cash?
Is time continuous or discreet?
Please explain the Quantum Theory of light?
what is Disaster Recovery Plan?
how to get ungrouded?
Antidepressents. Take them or not?
What means liberal in USA, good or bad?
Why you have discontinued Pecan Twirls?
How would get pass an administrator password if your not an administrator?
Who knows what website to get Reggie Bush jerseys?
What are the pro and con of the death penalty?
Do worms have lungs?
reason for cancellation?
Hello... babysitting tips?
How much do you think Papparazzi would get?
REAL sports fans, which brand makes better track shoes?
how do you remove sunless tanning products?
Is there a minimum investment when buying ETFs?
building a quarter pipe: bending the plywood?
for those who can understand hindi..?
Is it good time to buy Japanese currency ?
how much money does your hole family make a year?
Why is every thing in this world a political issue?
social security questions??
can anyone tell me about Wiccans and their religion?
Why hasn't Turkey recognized their genocide of the Armenians??
The dream sequence question?
Is there such a thing as blue gold?
what is matter?
Who was the inspiration for Homer Simpson?
People & spelling?
why did the president fire donald rumsfeld?
Who is your favorite Sith Lord from Star Wars?
controversies?
Trust him?
Can I make clay out of mud?
wat is......???
Boy Problems..?
Should US citizenship be earned not granted through birth?
What do you do when....?
position???
Do you have any good Father's Day ideas?
Who is the Funniest Atheist Here?
Finish this sentence.....?
How thanks Hilary Duff is good at what she does?
gosd sees the truth summary?
i an unable to reply to emails?
Do you think like them ?
does sugar help prevent the hiccups, and how?
DOes Mary J Blige have kids?
should he send them to iraq?
what is homeschool?
After losing the Vigin, How did u feel?
hyper transport technologies?
Why Chuck Norris is so popular lately?
foreign study programmes?
whens the next Lunar eclipse?
nedd a list of palidromes words?
Where can i find a shark sound for my powerpoint?
how much money does the Boston Red Sox cost?
Do you like Romania?
How come people become obsessed with strange with strange things?
How do I buy Tarblock?
Mark went swimming almost every day in his childhood in Australia.?
Why is the oldest child the most neglected?
Where do wounded marines go after leaving Iraq?
hi how can i send ing gril s?
how many quarters did it take wilt to score 100 points?
Can you name this tune and Artist?
why is it that my ear aches when it is cold?
How can I get the love of my life back?
What can you say about discrimination in American as compared to Europe ?
What do women want?
Can someone find a philipine sign language alphabet chart?
What are private aid agencies?
Could I list of the wealthiest world leaders ?
what is port channel on cisco eqpt?
Who here would run for office if they could?
What is your Christmas Tradition?
how to protect metal utensils from oxidation?
What do salads contain?
What does penchee mean in spanish?
Does lean system 7 really works?
How do you make a plot diagram and microsoft word?
where can I find trivia about springtime?
Cheerleading tryouts?
get quicktime 7.0 on disc?
Who got kicked off of American next top model?
Guys Hunting or Fishing? What do you enjoy more and why?
i need girl 4 help?
How did they built the Eiffel Tower?
Is Freewill Not a Myth?
What do you know about evolution?
does pinesaw kill people or children ?
How do you tune a guitar by ear?
In California, is sales tax charged on labor charges?
scienttolgy?
Have you been effected by th 360 (street) gang?
When are the Men's NCAA Brackets picked?
who is Carl Linnaeus?
Low carb high protein Q's?
What size male feet are most ticklish?
why am i sooo cool?
What did you have for breakfast?
why do children need rights?
Why does it to this????????
I found contradictions in the bible 2 !?
How can I be a better Chrisitian?
What is the average IQ score?
Is Jesus the Son of God?
What is this move called?
I send an email. How do I know it was received?
Math project!!!?
I wanna know what to say?
what are the most obvous signs of a cheating wife?
What kind of Lawyer do I need for Identity Theft?
why do teacher give so much work during the day?
What is the the longest distance you have traveled for a date?
what do highly integrated means exactly?
Do you know a good program for slideshows?
Do you agree.....?
what is your oppinion?
How do you find grants for hispanic females?
what can you do when you found out have a cancer?
Where were gamma rays first found?
What do you think about illegal immigrants?
Which element is shiny and has a reddish metal?
What do you think of the governments version of 9/11 ?
Which is Better, McDonalds or Burger King?
Should illegals have the same right as hard working citizens?
how many peolle in us?
Help A College Student Out With Research....?
Applying for College Football teams?
Can we still be friends?
Is it possible to love someone and not know it?
pls send me pci driver for usb?
Why is american football so much better than soccer?
follow up question for guys?
I have heard that adopted children can get free education?
wow cant believe this?
is it true that mormons wear oversized magic underwear?
Is a houseboat a good investment?
What led the proposal to the 19 amendment?
why do men have nipples?
What do you thing about the invasion  American in the Iraq?
How Old Is Gwen Stefani!?
how do u make your own myspace layouts?
Does anybody know the serial number to Acid Pro 6?
Legionella Pneumophila?
How much has Bush and Blair spent on Iraq so far?
When women masturbate men is it count is a sex?
Information on emotionally Handicapped toddlers?
do you think everyone in the world has a computer?
Jessica Alba, or Paris Hilton?
how the earth is rotating around its axis?
Whats the cut of point from  a hill to a mountain?
Is my work making me sick??
How do astronomers know how far away a star is?
Is Bush really evil?
Could some1 please help me find info on the 6th Amendment?
What can I write in the introduction of my wedding program?
Just who was the good samaritan?
My man doesnt want to sleep with me?
Should creation of human-cow embryos be allowed?
Does anyone miss Mitch Hedberg?
Does Inertial motion really exist?
How do you say "suck" in latin?
will quickbooks pro operate with microsoft works?
Why do you have religion?
Sata and RAID 0?
What do you know about led zeppelin?
why are people crazy about football world cup?
What was the landform like in the Jurassic Period?
anyone here a member of norml?
Why do you report people on Yahoo answers?
Where do I vote?
what do u prefer to do sex with condom or without condom?
Will Ganguly Ever return to International Cricket.?
is the jordan 19" the snake skin?
study of all things?
Why isn't there a category for shooting?
I dont know what to do. can you please help?
Why is recess going away?
whats up with kings and queens?
has anyone applied for the new capital one credit card?
How do you tell someone you never went with them.?
What role does trigonometry play in medical professions?
Which movie should I see?
why is our political climate so insufferably polarized?
How to divorce a US citizen from overseas?
Whats the name of this movie?
If you were president, what would you make your 1st priority?
What favorite NCAA or NFL team do u like?
Can someone help me?
What does Iraqi native dress look like?
what would be the disadvantages of removing violence from our culture?
Who will be the NBA champions this year for 2005-2006?
where can i get free christians hymn to download?
What is a Terrorist?
How much money do you need to start investing in stocks?
Are men scared to approach a women?
What Is Your Favorite FRIENDS Episode? Why?
where can i download dragonball episodes?
if you have divorse papers served?
who has enswered alyrock789?
at one point does the sky begin?
Who should I vote for?
What is the best thing for hair loss?
What do you think about White Lies?
Has anyone seen the Numa Numa Dance Video?
Why is Islamic fundamentalism more dangerous than Christian fundamentalism?
Why do older men have lady friends and not girlfriends?
Who else out there enjoys Soduku?
Good military resources?
Denver's Bronco fans, Are you ready?
What is a good way to gain weight?
How does a person with diabetes treat erectile dysfunction?
Why do some people spell GOD by writing G-D?
how old are you?
Are Chris Sardo and Una Frend dating?
is it posible to regain hearing after permanent hearing loss?
why do men dominate in major of the areas of life?
Why is Yahoo's service so lousy?
does anyone know how reliable a chiropractor is?
best catholic university?
whats bowwow email or #?
is sing back to the normal game?
How do I turn on the current I-mac?
howmany examination central of amie?
what are environmental damages does taiga have?
whats better?
where is LSD most popular?
whos the nba best analyst & commentator?
how do i become a good skateboarder?
Poll for men on shaved vaginas?
Blind WWE Fans?
who is the worlds best basketball player?
what is the sky made up of?
What is a good icebreaker when meeting a girl?
how to remove skin scars?
does anyone know the % rate on inheritants tax?
libertarian or totalitarian?
anyone know some good tongue twisters???
Why is African hair stiff and other hairs relaxed?
Ugh! Classmates are bugging me.?
when was Arnold Schwarseneger born?
the l-word!!?
How Can I Watch TV Over The Internet ?
differentiate pls...?
can you guys tell me some good site for timepassing??
do aliens exist?
Are white people the best???
I can't stop the eating... help me?
why can't you be nice to everyone?
should I ignore my professors offensive comments in class?
Treasury Department is part of which branch of government?
Legal action?
Do you know Jesus? Are you a Christian?
Getting US Visa...?
A shortage of jam?
What is the most effective weight loss supplement on the market today?
Survey On Internet?
reverse 866 phone number lookup?
How do I get him to ask me out?
Need help with a rejection?
is this true?
What are signs that someone is gay?
what does astronomer actually mean (9 letter word)?
How can I run faster?
What would happen if we left every Muslim Country Now?
functions available in calc?
How do I cancel an existing citi Master Card?
Panic! at the Disco.?
how is Geometry apart of music  mainly Vocal Music .?
How do I hook up to share printers?
What are the most unusual arachnids?
Was John Kerry for the joke before he was against it?
How do I get a 6-pack quick and easy?
who played against greenbay in the first superbowl?
is thee such thing as rollercoaster tycoon 3?
has anyone written a proposal for a small business venture?
Will I be able to get married one day?
Should I kiss her on the mouth on the first date?
Who do you think will be the next NFC East Champions?
why can people tolerate the smell of their own farts?
What is the genetic history/ancestory of cows?
I don't think my parents love me?
Mike Bibby?
wut r good starting jobs?
Taking fosamax plus?
Why are men clueless?
Where can I find info about chefs?
Programming Help plz?
What are some social ills that you hate most?
what are you doing right now?
How about a mass exodus?
Please help homework Question.?
Would you get over it???
Who's more hotter Billie Joe or Jesse McCartney?
When is 'Lost' coming back on in England?
what do you want to study in the university and why?
Al Gore, Global Warming Movie Electoral Holes?
Am I greedy?
Red wings lost?
what is pedometer and how does it work?
the sims 2 body shop help?
What did YOU learn in high school?
Plan B or Almost Skateboards?
Waz it wrong for B2K To Break Up?
What is a cutsheet?
do you know who H.I.M is?
Call shot or call pocket?
what should i do for my sixteenth birthday?
What is Acute Coronary Syndrome?
what is diffrence between boy and girl?
How do waves form and how do they form barrier islands?
Hello Celtic fans! Where is Henrick Larsson?
What??!!! homework is stressing someone help?
Can anyone translate these sentences into Spanish?
Are you biased or intellectually honest?
How do adjust an TC Encore trigger?
what is the Hungarian algorithm?
Does anybody know how to do Reverse Percentages?
When do we expect a cure for glaucoma?
is a toaster a good mothers day gift?
what is the difference between an acid and a base?
What was the last thing that...?
Who is Indian Prime minister?
Can someone explain the stamp act congress to me?
Which US city will be struck by a nuke?
What you will do when holidays?
Does anyone miss charmed?
Life out there?
what kind of place would sell liquid nitrogen in low quantities?
will the stock market trade dec 26, 2005?
Do you know anything about the World Cup?
has zidane won the world cup?
Is there such thing as a sasquatch?
Hey i need help from everyone!?
who wins the fight of paquiao and morales?
Is this going to be a problem?
who is crazy  mankind or Stone cold?
What is hashing?
why do most urls have www but some don't?
What would cause the cooling fan for my processor to stop working?
what should i do?
all number inclusive of 2 and 7 become __ __ ?
Where to get great backgrounds for computer?
Who would I contact if I wanted to start a radio station?
in which country was soccer / football invented?
What was this?
Is the amount of women in jail increasing every year?
whats all this about? why should such sick stuff happen?
Norwegian Steroid Laws?
Temperature of fire?
How many centures did lara have done in test ?
dose anyone know where Jesus is buried?
When was the biro introduced to Australian schools?
Read on ..?
Is this funny?
Why are people still racist? I really wanna know.?
Does a psychotic delusion produce any diseases?
Is it annoying to you how uptight Disney is?
what is your opinion about zionist ?
How do I discipline my Autistic Child?
how do you change the roster modifier?
douching??
how is a hair straightener a complex machine?
Is the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Website run on Linux?
elevation in marion nc?
What are advantages and disadvantages of abstinence?
Has anyone worked for CSAKuwait?
What does the term "indie" mean?
best desktop configuration?
has 30 years of drug war had any positive results?
i am looking for some one to have relationship with?
what is hari-kari?
exercise plan for today.?
lump in my throat?
Where can I find sunrise and sunset history?
Are you improving with age?
I want to start wearing pantyhose?
What did you guys think about The Omen?
How many religious conservatives are online?
my monitor is upside down how do i fix it?
Are you the wheelperson?
oldies trivia?
r men born to be polygamous?
what are the two branches of Govt.?
I'm with someone but...?
Abscessed tooth and heart failure???
what is an marine?
when is pee weeÂ´s birthday?
Is there anything i can do to promote growth hormones?
may I watch an autopsy?
who was the first person who cover the south pole very first?
meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee?
what are some examples wide-area network?
Ear ringing?
egg yolk contains what?
What is the word "eek"?
Do you believe this nonsense?
How to free download movie trailers?thx?
What finger do you wear a promise ring on?
how can i defeat multiple attackers in a fight???
Why is getting into Veterinary Medicine so hard in WI?
when is the space shutle going to launch again?
Does Time Exists?
where can I find this?
What happens if you get bit by a spider?
who was richard Nixon?
Who is the alltime greatest shortstop?
which color of shirt have i wore?
Having a hard time concentrating, any ideas?
The voice inside my head is telling me to leave???
what should i do?
Abrahamist fundamentalists (Christian, Jewish, Islamic)?
how big is apple computers company?
Number one smash hits  remix?
Superstitous?
What is a loci?
what is judicial activism?
If I use garlic scent on crawfish plastics?
What is the most valuable timepiece?
do guys with long fingernails arouse you...?
java tutorial?
Is quest.net network marketing legal??
How many football games can a ncaa player  legally play?
what things support the hindu community?
What sport has the best overall atheletes?
I can't believe he asked me that?
What are good sound reasons for getting a divorce?
how trendy is C programming?
Is Japan an open Culture concerning Homosexuality?
completly confused....?
Did all of your relatives get along on thankgiving day?
how many planets are there in the sky?
Artificial Intelligence?
do you think the military is bad? why or why not?
what are the effects of coca-cola?
the world is illusion ,the spirit is real?
ISPs in UK?
what makes the sun shine?
can you overdose on aleve??
I want a reason for your ignorance. Will you tell me?
Birth control question?
Someone answer this....?
how do you spell the abc?
What year did Lynn Yann win the spelling bee?
where can I find a picture of Miss Georgia 2003?
what type of religion would you chose if god betrayed you?
On what grounds does Aristotle reject the concept of evolution?
What is the Stafford Loan application deadline for Spring semester?
itv this morning program  archive?
what is the best software for creating art from photos?
what does zero based staffing mean?
how are exponential function used in everday life?
What is Eid holidays?
what is the key to top in examination ?
who thinks earth is hell?
Can it ever really work out a second time around?
where is saw 3 playing and where at?
which country hosts the 90s world cup football.?
Help with a song?
technical question !?
How can i book tickets for the next Wrestle Mania?
doe this boy like me as much as i like him?
i have to choose between volleyball and fieldhockey?
What can you buy  with 99$  ?
Why did Michael Jackson chop his nose off ?
Has anyone ever Polished a turd?
Does the band Hole have a website?
what does " mi sei manccata" mean?
Where can I get a good price for baseball tickets.?
What is a similie?
piano music recommendation?
When was Johannes Gutenberg born and where was he born?
When will Michael Buffer retire?
where is adriatic sea?
what are some non-bypass treatments for pad?
Father's Day activities?
Who was the first goal scorer in the English Premiership?
radiation from fork in the microwave?
why are we here?
In a lifetime, how much does the average person earn?
Why are you voting for Kinky?
Whos your favorite Nascar driver?
what is the size of the modern orchestra?
where can you get this?
whats 56 into 990?
Why Does Payton Manning Suck so bad at football?
Helppp please?  I need advice urgently???
does most femals think about a girl lover?
How do I place a password on Yahoo Groups?
just got dumped offically?
Was Christ the son of God or proving religion was a fraud?
Question on shorting a stock?
website help!!!?
Who wants to play chess with Bush now?
What is the weirdest question you have ever heard?
Where can I find Junior Bridesmaid T-Shirts ?
any sites similar to myspace?
liverpool managers?
Should we keep 'GOD' in America?
what are the causes of  teen pregnancies?
is it true that boys are stupid?
whats the best way to study for an exam?
I'm sooo upset!!!?
How do you become a probabtion officer?
were can you find a sexy single teenage boy?
What are some of the greatest songs of all time?
Do male zombies always wear either flannel shirts or suits?
what is  dating  pa  i cant understand it?
Should I join track?
Is this funny?
why does my shouder always become sore?
Do galaxies have orbit ?
where can i get scrolling boxes for myspace profile ?
Does eating BBQ meats cause cancer?
Do bored people come up with conspiracy theories?
Narcissistic Personality Disorder and Depression?
do you believe in love at first sight?
what are the indicators and characteristics of high self-image?
what is it?
Tower of Terror?
A few things I would like to ask?
Does anybody remember the band Hokus Pick Maneuver?
why do birds sing so gay?
What can I do to get rid of stomach pain?
face still goes red 1year after burn?
have you guys ever been in a dangerous tornado?
places to visit in ny??
resentful,disrespective teenage daughter?
how thick is women's face after the make up?
What the hell is snooker?
How do I get my web site into search engines?
Bright flashes when I move my eyes?
what is a turn turk?
What is the definition for flexibility ? (volleyball term)?
Girls, a question for ya......?
I need satellite radio stations that broadcast the Reds Baseball games.?
has anyone done an exercise class called urban rebounding?
before i went crazy, was i crazy?
Anyone Interested in Co-Writing?
what are the 5 kinds of technology..??
am i still a canadian citizen?
do u like or hate SALMAN KHAN?
wich was the first civilization of the world?
availability of old people's activies?
Should we, LGBT crowd, stick more together?
questions- just got contacts?
1. define organisational behaviour. relate it to management.?
where is daryl waltrip from?
how do tou tell a guy you like him?
wich is the longest river in India ?
Should we be scared of the bird flu?
Non White or a Woman President - Which will come first?
Do you think you will remarry?
Are more people who use this site liberal or conservative?
what the name of the asian lady on Saturday Night Live?
What can you do to reduce eye bags and puffiness?
Do you know why the teenagers are withought any respect ?
Should i get with him?
How can i lock a folder with a password?!?
how do you....?
whatever happened to steve the dell computer guy??
What do you know about Croatia?
how much does an elementary school teacher make a month?
What type of physician would you see for hair falling out?
Knee surgery?
Do Target stores drug screen potential employees?
In a contest of all the superheroes, who would win?
is the compression of gas product favored? is energy more dispersed?
what is a tender in business and how to fill it?
Girl Talk??
Is there an antibudda?
where do i get a good site for online html tutorial?
A recipe riddle?
can a helium filled balloon reach space?
indoor or outdoor games?
hey im a lesbian and want to ask some advice?
where can i find a business math project for seniors?
Are there any words that begin with the letters Rk?
where in organisms does osmosis and diffusion occur?
Why is my computer not turning off?
I want a girlfriend, anyone willing to help :-)?
Why has myspace got so huge?
where do i get a spammer for pool league?
what are the chances of any South American country winning the cup?
What are antonyms for shout and for throw?
need information on inmate locked up for child molestation?
what's the oldest mountain range on the planet?
Who else thinks Pres. George Bush is totally gorgeous??
What paintball gun to buy?
when brasil won the first world cup football?
Is there anyone famous from Madagascar?
Who was Jatayu?
Is qiwxvb a spyware?
im goin to my friends house this weekend...?
who changes avators .ive only noticed it now?
What country does the azores belong to?
Ship sinking?
How do I send an email in RTF?
eureka e11 s1?
What is the situation of Sri Lanka Peace Process?
What is Sociology?
which is a more bearable pain?
Google joke?
Is it bad getting a soar throat after giving oral sex ?
what things indicate that a woman has reached orgasm?
will yahoo messenger work on wifi wireless?
how old do you have to be to get a checking account?
I am not in love with him should I leave?
are there any extinct bears?
Birth place of Edgar Allan Poe?
Where the Rupee gone ?
How come my nose is running and my feet are smelling?
Can you suggest best medicine for Chigunguniya?
Primitive of e^(x^2)?
How do I stop being gay before it gets out of control?
how to behave with girls?
what do you all think of Ellen Degeneres?
Wireless Access Points (Multiple Choice)?
i love her no matter what she do....?
what is the full form of LLB?
have any of you girls ever experimented with other girls before?
Why is reading considered "uncool" in this society?
Search Engine Registration ???
Looking for home owner tax info?
I need a training program for body building?
is it so bad to be a porn addict?
What causes hiccups? Could it be air bubbles?
Is the state of Wyoming contiguous?
how can i get rid of these messages?
Explain how the sense of vision helps maintain equilibrium?
how do you say coke lite in chinese?
Has anyone tried TrimSpa?
is there any software for setting passwords for folders?
Re-run of Three Lions (footballs coming home)?
How do i download latest movies?
why do my e-mails do not go though?
que devient zizou?
What is 1/8 of pie?
who will be  in the super bowl this year?
when will i able to start my own business?
How many servers are there in a Mesh network?
for guys only?
Does anyone else not have periods?
Are we the only intelligent creatures in the universe?
What was the worst thing that ever happened to you during sex?
Hi Guys I need help with simplifying?
why all  company wan indian peoples?
do you think that america will attack to iran?
What is your favorite black and white horror film?
whats up dog?
Quess whats on my Mind?
comparison of old man and the sea and moby dick?
Can I call you Katie?
Why dont we fall when riding a bicycle?
Why do some men not all lie about their occupation?
who has  cell phone?
Is it hott for girls to play sports?
Where can I find fellowships for graduate studies?
define a suicide bomber?
what does a molecule of light look like?
how many grams egual a kilogram?
Any musicians out there want a good idea for a recording deal?
Sex for procreation or recreation?
what do you call the people that studies parasites?
Does anyone know what Ashanti is doing?
How do I install winzip on my computer?
What does Harmonic Convergance mean?
Need a free file recovery tool...?
why cant i format my harddrive?
Are you Republican of democrat?
What is the characteristic for Mitochondria?
Why do women ?
Is spiderwire stealth a good braid?
How far do you go on the first date?
why is there no federal concealed gun carry permit?
stores christians should boycot?
extrovert vs. introvert?
How do you get Winnie the Pooh mad?
do u like to have msn messenger ?
What Are Quarks?
what is the strength of the earth magnetic feild?
Does Dialpeople.com work?
open to male and female this 1?
what do you think?
what is your fave name for a girl???
House, Scrubs or Grey's Anatomy?
Address Search From Phone Number?
Where can I find good poems about friendship online?
How do u send your buddy list on AIM?
are s yard gofl clubs really good makes?
How do you know when they'll send your SAR?
Doesn't Michigan really blow balls?
what inspires you?
Now Id like to ask??
tell me the best e-learning website?
the last resort for social control?
Who do you think is going to win Euro 2008?
what is the difference between ITES & IT?
velocity may be expessed in which of the following units?
The NFL in Los Angeles Again?
Who Invented the teleporter?
Trying to find job for 15 yr. old?
who let the dogs out?
Thumbs down is all i get on this?
What is the definition of the term Multimedia?
How can I find my NTE scores?
what are the causes for cheating?
does my wife's dream mean anything?
What can u say about "Google Earth" Software?
What are some adventurous movies?
Did converted Peter say grow in law or grow in grace?
What are the first three kicho forms?
How many of you in this section actually practice martial arts?
step by step to install the sims 2?
will those websites for singles work?
is it wrong to fall for someone who's already taken?
Is the bar scene a subculture?
what are the chances of being shat on by a bird?
Do you play bass guitar?
Window XP Blue Screen Issue.?
why is naproxen sold as sodium salt?
Who killed Jhon Kennedy? Can any one tell?
what is love?
how percussion drills work?
why r guys jerks sometines?
What are the characteristics of a professional nurse?
what are the seven main types of clasified fossils?
Did you think this was a bad NBA draft?
help im fat and i cant swim?
What do you think about it?
how can i transfer my computers voice  to my sound system?
Can anyone vouch for Lexington Law firm for credit repair?
Any advise on how to prevent a hangover?
what do guy want for valentines day?
South african rand vs the British Pound?
Find out the DDL command among the following?
desktop volume control?
wich team in world cup will be won?
why can't I lose weight?
Have you heard any jokes on trumpet or tuba players?
Will this plan work?
why do nipples split apart?
For Christians?
why is a snuffy so snuffable?
Can i  created my own domain name when  using e-mail?
Are back issues of JANE available?
explain why sounds travel faster in warm air than in cool air?
What is the best way to quit smoking?
are straight actors playing gay roles become bi or gay?
what would it take?
How many people really believe that the Bible is law?
who wrote the bible?
this is a serious question?
Do americans use the word 'wee'?
What is the source of Mother's Day?
What was the average NBA player make 2004-2005?
what are the physics principle  of overhead projectors?
How far would you go with a GUT feeling?
with or against????
Is it possible to install Mac OS X Tiger ?
What can you do in this desperate situation?
how old must you be to collect social security?
Is anyone here Deaf?
What do guys like in girls?
What makes a headache--scientifically?
why do girls have to be a size 0 to be pretty?
Fundamental Frequencies?
euphemisms?
What about your children DRIVE YOU NUTS?
Question for the Women (Part#3)?
this is for the boys!!!?
Ways To Get Rid Of A Blind Date???
What is a good credit score?
Java toString Method! Need Help?
Where do I find my MySpace account number?
What's the difference between a convention and an assembly?
which celebrity would you date and why?
want the answer?
Breast cancer?
University of Cincinnati Basketball?
advice?????????
I need help figuring out a Gay Marriage Thesis?
what is your opinion about the stand of logging and mining?
What are some of your Christmas Traditions?
Why did god create Eve?
How can I find out how much my used bicycle is worth?
did you no my cousin is Doug Mirabelli?
Do you know of a current manufacturer of M1 Carbine?
Simple Life 4 - June 4th?
Looking for DVD sales reports?
How do we know that pulsars rotate rather than flash?
How many people are in the world?
Conversation starters....?
Only Women...?
How can i get a gf in high school?
Had democracy succeeded in India?
cbse xth result of 2005-06?
New MNF announce team?
long distance relationships, worth it?
application of robotics for surgery?
How are all of the disciples related to Jesus?
guys or girls...love them both?
What are some good fundraising ideas?
Do anyone know anything about guns here?
How can i adjust the spreadsheet to fit when printed?
What's a really good spyware program?
Why does it mean this slang?
who was the third president of liberia africa?
Who will make the biggest impact this year,Panthers or Cowboys?
How serious is short term memory loss sporadically?
why are so many logos red?
What year is dominion street rocker skateboard?
is emile hirsch jewish?
What Afirca countries south of the Sahara are islands?
down syndrome was discover by?
Who is the best soccer player in the world?
My Cuzzez sweet friend or my boring boyfriend?
Tingling in my face?
WinRar - Rar - Command Line syntax help needed?
mean of 36.84, 3.34 standard deviation?
What does the third pedal on a piano do?
can someone help me with this equation?
what does the sword symbolic of justice look like?
Who has the best hair you've ever seen?
what is the best types of computers ?
Are we ever going to send humans to Mars?
N drive on HP?
Which is the best Linux Live Cd distribution?
really like boy?
Do you leave your Christmas tree lights on 24 hours a day?
looking for lactation without pregnancy..?
i need a sponser?
what is RSS?
how to clean my comuter?
Fruits of Love?
Can you explain this photographic/optical oddity?
what is UDP in networking?
who sings this song? and what is the name?
is leprosy a hereditary disease?
translate grandpa and grandma in navajo.?
how can i be attractive and beloved?
Should my friend's wife be deported?
49ers/cowboys or Patriots/colts?
post your best joke?
what was the cause that led to the cold war?
what time does the passport office at durham shut?
what do you need to have before you can get it?
Do you know the name of this manga?
What's the hottest song to listen to right now?
taiwan...better than america?
how to write c program?
Table Tennis Rules?
For a good cv what documents do you have to bring?
what is your top ten films?
do you have a Thanksgivig tradition in your family?
Can you help me?
what does it mean?"get flowery"?
Will illegal immigration increase after the draft get approved?
How does it Feel to be a Mulitracial Child?
Can i get a male friend?
what three federal officials that congress may impeach?
Care to lend an opinion?
what is the most common sexually transmitted disease in west virginia?
Help me out with this?
why do all male kiss puki?
is there any steel market like stock markrts in the world?
What is an example of an instant message program?
Solve this riddle?
What are some consumers in the ocean ecosystem???
is this a good trade?
Can a human get hepatitis from eating turtle meat?
If people say guns kill peoeple,?
Guys: how did you propose to your fiance/wife?
Question about Amoxicillan & yeast infection...?
Question about copyright?
Who has a bigger nose Bill Clinton or Pinocchio?
Any remote viewers?
Who appoints the Governor of state in India?
Who wants saddam hussein to have the death sentence?
where do I fill my tilt and trim?
how do you make java games?
Are you interested in the same sex?
Explain the function of accessory pigments.?
which is a overall better city Vancouver or Calgary?
Ever heard of Goodsearch?
Why do women never believe men?
Do turtules bite ?
how to become a millionaire in 10 years?
Are these guys the next big thing?
Why do men have nipples?
which is the most genius personalities of the past centuries?
Unable to change filename to CON?
wuts up help plz?
what are the factors that effect bulk resistance of a diode?
Police Force Question.. See Below?
ok...what do you think of this?
Good morning. Did anything great happen to you today or yesterday?
Can anyone tell me what the secret is ?
where to watch champions league final on web?
Does hilary duff cuss?
how much should a 12 year old weigh?
Is there TAG HEUER watch store in Singapore?
i want   artikel about soil and water conservation?
do they have this for myspace?
do u think i'am cute????
can you tell me about a Gemini?
how to avoid being sensitive?
Any great singers out there looking to start a band?
what does critical thinking mean to you?
Is it possible to change my eye color by surgery?
What does maximum out of pocket expense for health insurance mean?
Who owns Fred Perry Trade Mark?
What is the unsolvable equation?
mistaken identify?
Have you ever met a person that was pure evil ?
How can you show someone love?
trick question?
what is ISO PDCA in ISO 27001 ?
Will Ronaldinho make it to the English Premiere League?
negative side of TV programmes/entertainment?
what are china's major imports and exports?
what's soul?
Do white women like to date hispanic men?
when i jack off i cum fast is that bad?
why is my poop scratchy?
Heat of formation of O2?
what is the meaning of President Bush?
v dub on fire!?
Do you think this is real love?
What is it like?
Does God exist?
How do I make a diode with stuff around the house?
For the Welsh people??
Best universities for studying business, in Toronto!?
what are the forbidden foods in the islamic religion?
is the universe infinite or not?
Is propaganda necessary today?
Shredding GW?
contact prescription?
which company manufactured smokeless cigarettes?
Dances, questions, and confusing love stuff?
did u hear about the person who died raking leaves?
When did they start calling some people red necks and why?
Anyone like Joan of Arcadia?
Can you tell me a good online atlas?
How to escape from a bear attack?
How do I write a business requisition?
what are some  web sites that you can watch movies online?
can you help me find famiuos hungarians?
what song was playing in skating with the stars?
How do I see drag on shapes?
Am I at a good weight?
How long does a wild deer live in the wild?
Who invented the clock?
I have some questions for people who have diabetes?
Which university in the world has the highest number of students?
Do they have a fourth of July in England?
Are stems from vegetables nutritious?
what is a cops basic salary?
Who watched Ireland vs All Blacks?
carnt sign in to yahoo messenger?
who is the consul general of Sydney, Australia?
how do you play rugby?
Shouldn't everybody have the same death?
Does masturbating for years affects sex life after marriage?
Do judges go to Hell?
Is anyone else sick of this football madness?
Should being a "conspiracy nut" be considered an illness?
How Many Times Has 50 Cent Really Been Shot?
Is glass really a liquid? How can this be?
how do i copy video to dvd?
Anybody know where I can get a Yankees backscratcher?
Does lightening strike water?
How can mudflows be prevented?
how science and technology affcts human lives?
give the meaning of curriculum changes?
How did life in Australia change during World War 2???
Do you believe in evolution? Why?
What is the worst name that a person could name their baby?
What kind of jobs are there that does not deal with customers?
how to wake up early?
when will Nip Tuck return?
when i am bored i .......?
Astronomy Question?
When US troop will withdraw from Iraq?
Am I dying?
What do you think of This?????
What the hell is wrong with me?
What are extrapyramidal signs?
Car equipment for people in wheelchairs?
how to make a water saucer?
how do I add audio to 3D studio max v8?
(girls only) What do you think??
Someone help me out... Adware?
any other girls out there who LOVE standup?
swimming pool life saving principles?
what is the song the Japanese sing at the world cup?
What do you mean by spanish?
2006 florida high school flag football state championships information?
How do you find the simple subject in a sentence?
j abatements?
i need some proxies?
How much sex can you take?
Sheeha as bad as cigarettes?
why is a banana crooked?
what does this word : agapanthuses mean?
what is stress and what are some of its most important aspect?
which soccer star will shine in the soccer world cup ?
is the matrix real?
Who won Euro'96?
Bird flu will it kill us all?
when to use quotation marks in first person narrative?
Career information?
What decisions were made during the visit of President Kennedy to Mexico?
Question RE Stadium Profiles for 2006 World Cup?
Serious question for short men (not boys!)?
where can i find demographics for minneapolis?
For whom u vote as president for Lebanon?
what is the most prominet feature of the human brain?
Is any spider in Australia poisonous enough to kill an healthy adult?
is there any physics books for free?
How can i find easy poems on the internet?
Why are asian chicks so hot looking?
what are script errors?
Top 5 stupid quotes by Bush?
what is the best CD in the world?
Website link/favorite directory?
which is best cracking/hanking site ever?
difference between static ip and public ip?
What's a Six Sigma Master Black Belt?
Running help!?
who's gunna win the world cup?
Best camping and outdoor company ?
will Brazil beat Ghana in todays match?
What types of volcanoes are in Italy?
Why does God use terrorism?
what is septacemia?
what to do when husband is cheating ?
How do I solve this calculus question?
arsenal is the best premiership team?
Can hiv, be transmitted through a finagernail ?
Does anybody else miss pubic hair?
discuss groupthinking?
How IS addiction a disease?
can you prove a negative?
Who was considered  the greatest lightweight boxer of all times???
Should Major League Baseball have instant replay?
How to join the Mormon Religion?
Bad Religion any one?
Where could I find information on Biathlons?
Was God created in man's likeness?
what happened to kevin nash in the wwe?
What is a "light year" in relation to space?
Adrian Peterson vs Reggie Bush!!?
pronounce phoropter?
What  was your first time having sex like?
want to calculate BMI?
Is dog Valium the same thing as people Valium?
What's up with Iran?
what part of the body are stem cells found in??
how can i learn dutch without having lessons?
Does anyone know anything about Teen Challange places?
what is the islam?
Do you believe everyone has a Guardian Angel present with you daily?
Where can you find inexpensive MLB gear for women?
which anime do you like best?
what is the best way to save money?
I need a good time table??
how do I overcome my depression?
what causes a twitchy mouth?
I HATE my 2 year old son? read details?
What is buddisim?
What is the Largest planet in the universe?
What are those rocket kinda things in the sky during daytime?
Is there any method which works perfectly to quit smoking??
what are the sexiest emotional traits a woman can posess?
In the Bible why are the words Jesus said written in red?
Smokers vs obsesity?  What do you think?
Napoleon Dynamite - Love or Hate?
oh my god ........?
what dose lol mean?
Who is the best mascot in College Football?
who is richest cricketer in the world?
Photosynthesis anyboby?
What have you learned today?
What is the most ridiculous thing someone has asked you?
has anyone ever seen the movie dead alive?
during his early year disney was not allowed to?
what is the best bit torrent site to use?
Why is it called a birdie in golf?
What are some good flirting methods?
I need to know the genes of the parents?
responsibilities ... senior executive assistant?
Any three things?
What is the services between bearer and data channels in data communication?
Tell me the duty of stationery engineer.?
What does Christmas mean to you?
when is the US gone pull out of Iraq?
I had cellulitis?
who is the best romanian football palyer?
Who has won the most Grand Slam Tennis Events after 2001?
How are cabinet members of the president chosen and approved?
Why people dont believe in the Bible ???
AGP or PCI?
ASP.NET in VS 2005?
limewire help?
Has anyone heard of the veil of ignorance?
What role do enzymes play in medical diagnosis?
how does temperature effects by antimicrobial agents?
How do you correctly pronounce the French word ampere?
What should I do?
do  you  think  the  weathet could get could or  warmer?
How do I stop eating so much when quitting smoking?
I like my ex-boyfriend should I ask him out?
file handling - note pad?
How do the French view gender and gender relationships?
Does anyone know about Nuerotin for use in anxiety?
what is the definition of conflict expansion as relating to politics?
60 % of second marriages fail as a result of this?
breast feeding and away ?
geodon is it for sleeping?
what is the theme song of World Cup 2006?
who likes gymnastics??
If we had to fight WWII today?
How many miles does it take from Mercury to Pluto?
What is the best way to clean marijuana from your system?
anybody  know  anything about mcfarlane sports figures?
How Much to Charge for Original Song?
From hind Ali to oprah?
can you smoke on school property?
What is a Double Pentagram?
Do I have Depersonalization? What are the symptoms?
why can't anybody spell anymore?
What if you know someone that was sexually abused...?
who is a guy that is single?
Where can I buy tranquilzer darts?
Question about Dominance and passive agressive sex?
physical form in which a substance can exist?
look inot his soul?
Is life like that?
what simulation software is commonly used in business schools?
what is 30% of 8,000?
What time is it when an elephant sits on a fence?
How does a punnett square predict possible gene combinations?
why everyone says blondies are stupids,is it correct?
HOW MUCH DO u THINK ?
why sky is blue?
Tall Ship, CUTTY SARK, details please?
What is the difference b/w beamer n bouncer?
When did the Internet get it's Genesis?
Does greed get you anywhere?
where can i get xanga skins?
Who will win the world cup?
If you could slap any celebrity, who would it be?
who is your favorite basketball player?
Bugatti Veyron? The ultimate car?
Does eye surgery hurt?
Did he change????
is Australian Soccer player Lucas Neill single?
I hate probability, but here we go again crew!?
what are the ten most dangeorus animals on earth?
why has no one stood up to Bush yet?
Best ring tone?
only for girls?
How are hurricanes (tropical cyclones) predicted?
If you could feel someones boobies without a slap?
What law protects me from someone else opening my mail?
underground satillite?
how to price futures and forwards?
Who created "Gold goddess" Nikki?
who invented the internet?
what do you feel when you are astral travelling?
Is it possible for France to win the world cup?
I have sore knees from running.  What should I do?
Help only for limewire users?
Adam, Lilith, and then Eve.?
How many World Cups has Ronaldo played in?
way would anybody believe or wast there time on alhore?
What does the warbler finch eat?
What is the best kind of gun for a girl to have?
Do you believe in jinx's?
Can you suggest?
Does popping your back and neck lead to problems?
wher can i find renters contract laws?
What is perception?
wood chuck?
What are the components of systematic instruction of students with disabilities?
what is the nation bird of india?
Does a sauna detox the body?
What is the value of "c?"?
paul wall myspace background?
whos the best goalkeeper?
what is system 32?
what is the sweetest thing...?
Are there any survivors of Titanic still living today?
how can i stop having migraines?
what is your best football team and why?
Is stephen king still alive?  Does he still make movies?
Details about Marlow, Cheshire County, New Hampshire.?
can anyone help me?
Are there any legitimate home based jobs?
What is your favorite quotation by a famous author?
perfect pumpkin project? for math?
Is hydroquinone (facial skin lightener) safe?
OLGC Financial Group?
What Do You Think of Trinidad and Tobago in The Worldcup?
Your first choice?
Why Bush want to destroy world, Is he stupid?
What is chert?
What are the functions of the circulatory system?
What is the answer?
Is fornication the same as adultry?
what vapors faster fresh or salt water ?
Why do we still do this daylight savings junk?
Can people really kill themselves by taking sleeping pills?
Working Tax & child tax credit?
why is it 60 Hz in USA and 50 Hz in Europe?
I am feeling very angry?
How much wood could a woodchuck really chuck?
How are sailboats transported?
How many Americans have visited their local ghettos?
I can't pee in urinals!?
Relationship question ...? Over age 30 please.?
Really Curious........?
What type of problem for man if we live on mars?
please follow the steps?
how i can eliminate or close my pilot from my gas range ?
Where can I find a newspaper clipping of the Constitutional Convention?
Who will be best player of WC 2006 and why?
How do i know if a guy likes me??
whats the song on LIFE IS RUFF?
How do u know if a guys like you?
How does a reverse mortgage work?
Big Brother UK?
Torchwood BBC 3 10pm 19th Nov 06?
How do I find my ghin number?
are autopsies public information?
Who else thinks Lost is starting to get dumb?
What kind of sugasr is in DNA?
I just love OPRAH do you?
Trigonometric Ratios of Any Angle?
how do i connect DVD player to my TV?
Looking for Forms to file a construction lien?
how can i add yahoo answers to my toolbar?
Where is the baseball diamond in Absarokee Montana?
recording studio, or home recorder?
American Idol.... What is the deal???
what is your favorite song?
survey should teens vote yes or no?
how to remove iteam from taskbar?
Linux Help Needed?
What are some good ideas to go on dates.?
Why is a mouse when it spins?
what part?
redundancy severance help please?
Frank Lampard or Stevie G?
whats the best way to loose wieght fast?
how do you make and use an ouija board?
symptoms of friction burn after intercourse?
On a 1st date what R U looking 4?
What's the name of Paraguay's goalkeeper?
What do you think?
Who is your favourite wrestler in ECW?
I like to be with boss woman who are dominant on me?
How many miles is the Brooklyn waterfront?
Where can I get Federal Tax forms in San Francisco?
why do jerks always get the girls?
do you know sachin tendulkar?
Does First Alliance Bank of Luton (in UK) really exist?
is it allowed to deposit coins in the bank???
What section do you read?
Any good low calorie liquid diets?
Why Bush an USA hate Islam?
Do you think there is life on Mars?
Did the Texans make a mistake drafting Mario Williams?
Has anyone seen an american haunting?
why should broken glass be placed in a special bin?
Help with Microsoft Powerpoint please!?
whats the point of having points?
Is there some sort of Antivirus boot cd?
what movie star do u like?
How much can you shoulder shrug?
Ever feel scared when taking an HIV test?
what is punk/goth what are there intentions?
Paranoia????
Is our government still a democracy?
where does condellsa hail from?
Florida or Arkansas?
how does  agriculture relate to algebra?
Why did Fritz Haber fails to extract gold from sea water?
What was Andrew Golota's cleanest fight?
Should I let my boyfriend pay for dinner all the times?
How do you like President Bush???
what can see in the dark?
London heart hospital ?
how many dogs are there in northern ireland ?
Why do my tracks jump in Windows Media Player?
whats the song on the ipod commercial??
How much do an computer cost?
sumthing to do with spyware?
Which zodic sign is the most egotistic?
Information on continuous improvement?
Where Can I Get Free Adobe Photoshop Brushes?
botanists ?
what was 9 11?
Open question?
plz awnser who do i start?
how many noises did it make all week?
how  did dinosaurs get so big?
how often do you wash your bra?
where can i download free QuickBasic?
singer question?
1 1/2 - 2 4/5?
Do you think getting back with you x is a good idea?
How do you make homemade videogames?
Describe the electron arrangement that makes an atom stable.?
How long ago did Dinosaurs die out? What happened?
Why does the volcanoe reaction happen?
What does exuded, and bound mean??
Can handicaps donate blood?
when does the man laughs???
When is OSX.5 Leopard going to come out?
What's up with answers?
What comes once in a year and twice in a week?
Why did the Republicans reduce the role of government?
how has man impacted the ocean and the atmosphere?
Who is Pieter Olsros?
Anyone on here from Australia?
gtive me some well known politician?
Where can I find an online LPN program for Indiana residents?
Can you get infections from oral?
which is the densest element?
Where is the Grand Canyon located?
Find the appropriate factor for each conversion ? feet to miles?
is 677 credit score is good enough to buy a house?
any words of comfort and inspiration to my ordeal?
college decisions?
Values Question?
Is it safe to use laser to correct nearsightness?
Hate/Love Question...?
scott pattterson?
Help Writing SAP job description?
Who has the final say in the naming the elements?
Can you please tell me the history of quilts?
Explain at the molecular level using metabolic pathways .?
What was the greatest achievement of Floyd Patterson?
anyone ever experienced or heard about such a thing?
The best Jennifer Love Hewitt photo?
what is your favorite Holiday?
How did Abraham Lincoln affect this country?
which is longer a meter or kilometer?
Anyone know what this song is and who its from ?
my friend???
archaebacteria scientific names?
What is the technical term for throwing someone out of a window?
Whats your favorite magazine?
What's Karaoke?
Half reaction method?
Should We Implement National Annoy A Liberal Day?
Adobe Photoshop Question?
what is the meaning of epidemilogy?
Why are the majority of Americans so fat?
What happens when a ballon is released outside...?
Lindsay Lohan,... are the pictures real?
accounting advice?
What is the Watch list under my account?
how do i create a website?
Is im.com free?
unsramble this word kiln?
is anal sex healthy?
What are the characteristics of electromagnetic waves?
Why do some gay men pretend to want a Relationship ?
what is the cause of the pandemic AIDS?
guys only... who likes me?
Parent of 17 year old daughter needs advice.?
What falls faster, the feather or the apple and why?
How many women play with their self @ work?
What might a "truly democratic" society look like?
explain the concept of right first time inquality assurance?
Why is voting compulsory in Australia?
What should I get my girlfriend for Christmas?
Whats your favourite thing to do with your best friend?
Should the USA bomb Iran?
military accountability?
Is high skool hard?
if a guy wasnt that good looking?
how can i get micro stamps?
What is a skew?
Will you ever get back with an Ex?
Peace song?
condensation point?
why do you think friends turn on you in life?
Who can veriy a false employment history?
is college tuition tax deductible?
Hi everyone what are you doing for spring break.?
Silence in the face of injustice hurts whom?
what is the most unselfish act you have ever done?
Can I just quit?
How difficult is OTS to get into?
I have guitar problems?
Which prez was a member of the KKK?
need to make an "invention" with household appliances?
pedodontist..help?
what are the sentences for GBH n GBH with intent?
what is going on with guys??
How do I find out what Indian tribe I am from?
All of the following are bases except?
Coolest and most difficlut illusion/ magic trick?
hockey trivia?
How do I find out who is viewing my myspace page?
What is grid and why do we need it?
why are water drops same in size ?
are you racist?
i have any chance to win a lottery?
Is it possible for an eighth grader to take college courses?
what does this mean its in german?
What is the best electric razor?
i know that i probably should?
why is it important to keep san diego clean?
Pool owners?
I cannot fall asleep naturally at all...?
does pineapple seed need any vernalization before planting?
Are some parts of Whose Line is it Anyway planned?
Why can't we all just get along?
What does Ev Amor Voce mean?
Another chemistry Q help needed?
how do upload a video on youtube?
With hindsight, was the French wrong not to support Bush ?
what kind of pick up lines do girls like?
what is dvd9?
how old is angus young?
Do you know of any websites that have a volleyball conditioning schedule?
Why does my Pc clock change two hours?
Christians: Best Christian books you have ever read?
did the tsunammi change the global worming?
What are largest farming companies in California?
what is the melting and boiling point of aluminum carbonate?
North Korean Ship Register?
Can anyone put the following words into a sentenance?
What are ways to identify micrococcus luteus?
suicide....?
What does a man of 35 think of ?
Is this story funny or what?
Blocked Field Goal or Not?
does adam scott the golfer have a girlfriend?
Whats it mean?
when is sundown?
Cleaning Morning Glory seeds?
Do you know the words to STA LOT?
Can any one tell me about Jamestown?
Should I go for her, or let her go?
Please give me ideas .?
who invented plastic tiles?
Who has the best looking jerseys in the NBA?
whatis the web site to maryland state jobs?
How will the New England Patriots perform in 2006?
how to call matlab file from c#?
what is the 1st University in the world?
What male tennis player won Wimbledon in 1988?
what was the first single/album u ever bought?
unprotected sex and pregnancy rate?
what are some good songs that you like?
Hey Limewire Question!??
Becoming a cop?
why do u people  like refusing our messages?
Where can I buy synthetic alexandrite?
The high and low points of 1980's movies?
How do you handle negative people?
sequence of seattle seahawk qb's to date?
Tajiri's signature move is called the?
Who sings the R & B song ...?
If you have a stain on the tongue and looks brown?
Question about Health Insurance and my Job.!?
Is Cher still doing tours?
How do photons interact with each other?
What is your favourite sport?
how is the center of gravity related to moments of weight?
do bell multicultural senior high school students wear uniforms?
in the sedimentation method why do soil particles form different layers?
Define the population for:?
how does polarization show that light can act as a wave?
how do i dlete my account?
what is the speed of X-ray?
most people like which player in cricket?
Does anybody knoe the name of this movie?
How do you avoid people you do not like?
will pot ever be legalized?
what are the bills of attainder?
how can i write a thesis statement on 3 documents?
where does angus young from acdc live??
What's 1 + 1?
looking for your christmas card site?
how can i watch 2006 worldcup champion directly?
Can you name a scientist that studied Neptune?
Would you marry for money?
What is advantages and disadvantages of being a Republican?
women, men...anyone can answer this question?
What do you like most about my 360?
author: the time in between?
Computer ran out of memory making AMVs...?
religion change?
Why do my feet stink?
are praying mantis poisonous ??
How did Gerard Butler do in Phantom of the Opera?
Do Mormons believe in divorce?
traditional clothing?
Dentist that participates and accepts in  Medicaid program?
Does anyone know who sings the song "Good Morning Beautiful"?
could you love someone if?
Is there a place that gives loans against your tax return?
Are there any drugs which would make revision more efficient?
How can i flirt with girls?
why do teens need more sleep??
Is there any such thing as a psychic advisor?
Creationism, ID or Evolution?
Does anyone know of a free online tax service?
a good word to make fun of someone with?
how can get a job for the summer?
Please help balance the equation?
why does my leg keep going numb?
radiating or reflecting light. is what?
My friend is very caught up in her clothes.?
goodmorning/night?
Is there anywhere time is not?
seperate muslim classes in army?
which is best test match ever played till date?
have you ever stolen anything out of a vending machine?
what does H2O + KI equal?
So....i really need help!?
female ejaculation???
why does my ex-boyfriend want to be friends?
Who will win today, Brazil OR Ghana?
Do you agree with wearing the veil?
where can I find the box score of the 2004 sugar bowl?
What is the best reverse cell phone number lookup website?
what is a partisan hack?
Can you identify this library system used to record book loans?
Whats the best book teachin Ebay business?
does anyone compete in track and field?
whatis your fave song and why?????
i love love him?
which are the top paying jobs?
is Sammy Sosa still playing or retired?
cant find my stock portfolio?
Is it OK to turn off the power supply fan?
how to get rid of puffy eyes after crying?
What's the definition of a snail?
System Restore?
What is the Prime Factorization of 289???
How much does an English police record check cost?
what is hydrochlorothia?
Do you dream in color or in black and white?
hi it is a mathematic question  i need the way?
where do  pearls and diamond come from?
This is mostly for the guys...?
Why am i going thru hell?
Where is gravities point of origin?
how to autorun a program?
Are tremors part of Lupus?
should i do it or should i stop being so selfish?
My wife & sex?
When will Bush be having elections for President in Canada?
What does it mean when only one person arouses you?
best basketball players of all time based on position?
where can i get extra long leg tracksuit bottoms?
How do you handle major depressive disorder in your life?
If you could watch Hussein's execution, would you?
does cold weather triggers skin rashes?
we dont want to catch Bin Laden ,right?
Where can I find good Photoshop tutorials?
need help on my space plz?
is nicole kidman are now engaged?
How can I tone my butt and firm it up a little?
Massachussetts to Florida?
Leaving cert maths?
why did Nixon bug himself?
what can you do when the air quality is hazardous?
Please let me know how my song is?
who is the wealthest rapper?
What is the True Speed of Sun Light ?
How old is the Pao de Acucar?
why did the chicken Cross the road?
what do you call....?
If there is a GOD....Q4?
what are the postive things about illegal immagrants?
what is the badest thing to see in the world??
What company built a brewery in a major league baseball stadium?
what is your opinion about Islam.?
Debenhams Christmas advert?
how many couples have sex 7 times a week?
what should I do for a romantic night with my husband?
TV and Society??
How do you remove rust from your shotgun?
Will Kirbey show up in time to celebrate my birthday?
where does the word cricket originated from ??
who is good in cricket?
what is adapter in JAVA?
At what angle does the moon revolve around the earth?
who is the best goalkeeper of  world cup2006?
Who thinks that Mentally Challenged people are weird?
do you have to disclose criminal past on job applications?
Why should we praise God?
in the story who are george and lennie?
What are some must read books for girls and why?
what color are my eyes?
God Save The Queen?...?
where did the name Harlem come from?
I need someome to help me?
How does one know when one is homosexual?
why is a soap bubble round???
How can calling people an idiot prove there is a God?
This is NO joke question...?
~This is a real serious question please help~?
How much do travel agents make if they only book tickets?
History (please help)?
Why do people distrust BUSH so much?
what is the highest prime number?
Is it ok to have a crush on Praga Khan?
how can i decide if i want to go to college?
Need help in  www.stickcricket.com?
How do you become anorexic?
What location is the area code 910?
Any Filipinos around los angeles california?
Where does the weight go?
How can a latin boy get an american girlfriend ?
what is the dress code of tennis?
is hoobastank a christian group?
Who is the prime minister of Turkey?
Disney Movies?
How do you eat Green Beans?
Do you speak punjabi?
Ways to make a girl feel special?
Why do Americans Sue for everthing possible??
What will happen in DC Comics Infinite Crisis?
Is India gonna become a superpower some day??
what do you do with friends who use you?
is 22 still a young man?
Here u all go my peoples anwser this?
how do I test wireless bitrates?
whats the big ship in the word?
what happens inside a tornado?
What is the average size of a penis?
Should they bring back the standing 8 count?
Darwin recant?
where in Toronto can you have a foosball tournament?
Who on here likes Lord of the RIngs?
why should ladies have beautiful EYES always?
what is the indian cricket players fvoriate food?
What is the best text for modern algebra?
how do you ask a guy out on a date?
What are the Regions of Atoms?
Why are some boxers called "Cinderella Man"?
What is the best way to lose lots of fat?
Please Help!?
Help with virus attack!?
how do you make a football  highlights film?
is this right???
Is there anyone here into the "Leather Lifestyle"?
what's a good love poem to read at my wedding?
Democrat or Republican?
"Vets fighting for jobs on home front"?
Why do Conservatives say a Democratic Congress will raise taxes?
Why are Americans soo stupid?
What is APR?
How come Schneb and I always answer the same questions?
career for me!?!?
Is the American empire in decline? Or is our future bright?
What is the liquid inside a Galileo thermometer?
What courses are related for becoming a software or computer game developer?
what day is today?
How does a flea market work?
how does the moon effect minds?
Do you belive in Dating?
LONG Question about vacuums and air pressure details added?
my daughter is 12 and having problems with her kidneys?
How to figure out how much you will owe in taxes?
Am I being too sensitive?
Does anyone know how to turn Norton on?
how do i find out the available physical memory on my computer?
Houston Texans first pick?
friend OD ambien?
I'm looking for a police station in Mason Michigan?
Whar are some books on monkey Pox?
Is cat a good pet?
What is the meaning of the word"Soumi"?
whats the easiest way to loose weight?
How much wood?
How do new businesses get credit and establish credit?
Why do people shake sometimes when it's not cold?
world's detergent demand?
What is your opinion on Vonage?
Where is the best place to study & learn alchemy?
what are some thesis proposals in finance?
Why are soccer players sucking their thumbs when celebrating a goal?
how would i find someones phone number?
what is the meaning of caregiver?
Where would I find the best business loan?
Who was the 1st United States of American Black President?
What is the plural for "law and order"?
I'm confused...is this normal?
why are people disagreeing with the president on the war?
Who Look Better Beyonce` Or Christina Milian?
when do new stamps go on sale?
how to impress the girl?
ricky hatton?
Is it possible to file for SSI without a doctor backing?
Why's is Earth's core very hot?
is he going to call?
what is purpose or goal of this website?
Name three qualities you think Singaporeans lack/should have.?
what was ronald Reagnan life Like?
Cah i watch the ashes on my pc for free?
Where is more stress concentration in  a driveshaft?
I'm a 1st time home buyer.?
The fastest way to bench press twice my weight?
Does Anyone Know A Good Place To Party In Westchester?
How Big Do Girls It?
where can I find information on making my own golf clubs?
Where can I download the Worldcup official song ?
what do you think about when you look at the stars?
What is the origin of the "money shot"?
where can i get trained in c++?
how do I tell I have herpes ?
Who makes and repairs shoes?
Spelling and Grammar Alert!?
What are the principles of customer orientation?
smoking fetish????
whats this song?
what should i do for deleting all data?
a good book about "field theory"?
What are your mile times?
what are the "methods" used to estimate interest rate risk?
Can you help me with my resume?
how we can protect our mobile conversation from over hearing?
are mavericks gona win tomorrow?
why do u think u r suitable for this company?
which chimal can you use to soild?
who is your favorite acter or acttres?
Sleep Apnea and bad dreams?
where and when is the father daughter valentines dance?
i need a scientific question or theory?
How do I get him to talk to me?
did you steal the cd's from my truck?
What is Lennonist Marxist?
why do people?
??????????
Do you think australia will win next world cup?
How can i get a six pack fast?
What are the long IPs used for?
What's your funniest pickup line?
Why do Canadians hate Americans?
To Wear or Not to Wear?
Who wrote the first book in Biology?
What do boys really want from their girlfriends?
Children's Picture Books and Math?
last tv show you watched?
synthesis of hydrazone?
what are the best high schools in portland, oregon?
how do you know which is the best internet service provider?
Nero Startsmart DVD burning fails to complete?
Do the Ab belts really work?
yearly celebrations of an event?
Heaven How do we get there?
What was Zeppelins American tour called?/?
Looking for buyers for balsawood from Papua New Guinea?
Plz suggest me a book on indian government.?
what is a gibbus moon?
what the best @ fastest way to come out of debt?
how many people here...?
Music question?
What do blacklights do?
algebra/problems?
can you break the law of gravity ?
Why won't anyone talk 2 me?
can u use bluegill as bait at smithville lake?
What website can I go to to find Bannd Cartoons?
Why do women no longer dress modestly?
compliments girls appreciate most?
what studs go where on the adidas f50?
Make it International law,does Malaysia teach International law?
Who here has secret bank accounts they hide from there spouse?
does music effect plant growth?
what creatures are considered nymph chasers?
What is scitzofrenia?
Noah's Ark in 2006?
how do you rotate the display in win 98?
what happened to freecreed.com?
Looking for comments! National forestâ€¦?
what kind of doctor do i need because im pregnant?
how much does a teacher makes in los angeles?
what is methanol how  we can  make it?
What will the tourists expect to see on planet mars?
lesbian community forum ?
what weight???
Why do some shoes squeak when you walk?
who sings the song the eye of an Angel?
Good brands for electric guitars and drums?
How do cnidaria adapt to their environment?
Do you know who is the terrorist?
A question for conservatives...?
why is china called the sleeping giant?
how to install drivers on a comp?
Who's the vice president?
What is considered the first rock & roll song?
can you tell me all about diglottis?
Why is the famous actor will smith is imprtant?
Who do you admit you are envious of?
if i like really girly music does that make me gay?
where are drives for an sprint/earthlink webcam?
what is etymology?
role of meiosis in the production of gametes?
I want to know this song's name. Please help?
WHat should I do?
How and where I can sell my DISNEY stocks?
What is the best place to sell bikes online?
How would you earn back trust?
can you die from ovarian cancer?
how are they different ?
This is for the Men only!?
Do u blame your parents for your faulty genetics?
How many Gold Metal has the US won so far?
Who is Jet Li?
pressure groups in politics?
how to up date Avira_anti virus personal edition?
Violent mother?
what is epimutation?
what is the disavantages of capitalist in Japan?
The second question?
why is it healthy to eat boogies?
can i update my xp pro to multimedia?
what happens at the end of happy feet?
What's the difference between Methodist and Anglican?
Any girl like to shake their Laffy Taffy?
Should this team be allowed to switch leagues?
What is the strangest name you have ever heard?
what is the average price of a ticket to a basketball game?
how many arteries we have?
climate of the indian forests?
How do u treat Tariff in your books of accounts?
who is randy garth from new jersey?
What do you call a big fight between winged insects?
who is a saggitaturius???
Anyone know the best college to direct. and affordable price?
About connecting a laptop on your computer network.?
Lyrics for Echo by Incubus??
What percentage of people cheat on there spouse or their significant other?
Tell me what do you think this is funny?
i come too early???
Medical Transcription In Australia?
What's the best way to tone up?
Why are women leaving at an alarming rate?
Did you know that Easter and christmas are pagan festivals?
searching  for words of a  hymn?
How do I go about replacing someone in my wedding party?
Why doesn't my IM send?
what is difference between perspective projection and orthographic projection?
Do you think a full moon creates havoc everywhere?
2x=x+3   what does x equal?
Volunteer work?
i cant remember: 4x+2y=8?
whats your fave jrock band?
Are there people who waited till mariage???
how to choose the right girl?
Sidney vs Ovechkin?
what is the future with computer annimation or graphic designing?
Who do you like better Dallas or Miami??
what is the definition of accounts payable?
why shouldn't immigrants run for president?
trapped nerve in my neck?
Do you or do you not like Slinkies?
Where can I find seductive poems online?
Where do you girls go to meet guys.?
when would the Fed want to engage in an open market sale?
who is the president of Iran?
a nice little gift?
what's your fav songs and artists?
Who was the first New York Yankee All-star?
why does the sky turn red at night?
Rule of Rose "A Suicide Love" lyrics?
nadine jansen free clippings?
write my notice of leaving from employment?
How do I summarize a deposition transcript?
Do you think Fudgi deserves all the abuse he gets?
how do you get an email account with gmail?
Half Life 2: Episode 1?
Can any one find me the poverty among women headed households?
what does MP3 stand for?
Christians can you please Help me?
permutation or combination problem?
Do bribes work?
what r u tired of hearing about N the entertainment world?
Real thoughful advice please?
weight equals to....?
looking for navy seabee reserve unit in connecticut?
how important is team work in a working place?
do all goths cut?
Song Title or group?
Who won the last nobel prize?
is a stun gun illgel?
how do i access a adminstrator account?
where do babys come from?
what 3d game maker is the best?
In real life do the Solaterran exist?
R-CHOH react with pcc product will form is?
last wish ?
how do u get a washboard stomach quick?
what is the equation for the speed of light?
Can you get HIV from licking?
Why is Bush so dumb?
Where can I look for Hindi meanings?
What has Magic Jonhson done for his community?
What country was IL PAPPERINI born?
do you think this is funny?
Why does American have such a war mentality?
Narcolepsy? Cure?
why do volcanos erupt?
Do eyes get sun burn?
Why is Bush president????
Why do young people hate christmas?!?
Which is the best browser?
how to get pals around?
Soccer in Okinawa???
Why is my white pride mistaken for racism?
How do you stop oozing sap on bare wood ?
How did you maintain a 3.0 and higher in college?
Is this Iraqi war really for oil rights?
the longest-ruling chinese dynasty was the?
What does it mean if people stare at me in the gym?
my scanner light will not turn off?
as you no my boyfriend is flurting my friends tell me?
Whats with all the girls getting breast enhancments?
why do men set their hair at the sight of women?
wat running techniques can make me faster???
What will you do if someone is invading your free will?
how dose a pot vaporizer work?
how to manage personal budget?
What country was Gian Lucca Vialli born?
Bankruptsy?
can people go into the army with lupus?
What is the ONE thing you hate about our society?
any1 else love the smell of petrol?
where csn I join an Italian committee in Montreal?
What boils faster, thin or thick liquid?
crude oil charts?
is illegal immigration a felony in your personal opinion?
Jeff Hardy is the what champion?
What is your favourite quotation about fools??!?
What are your thoughts about The String Theory?
please help.  use then substitution method.?
joining the army or marines?
What were the dates the Detroit Grand Prix were held in 1990?
Give me updates of upcoming Tours Of cricket?
Reasons for applying to grad school?
Flares,Space ships or shooting stars.?
what is your thought of having a lady for president?
what is the conflict in james and the giant peach?
why do men never understand wemen?
what was the last text message you received?
Multiple users on one computer.?
Why do people Pirate music?
i have my exam tommorow?
why does keyshia cole make so many love songs.?
Any one any words that rhyme with know?
Ever watch Stargate SG1?
who was known as"Fuhrer"?
How do I create a website?
is sos state of sabotage a country?
Is it really funny when......?
for women, do you use tampons?
which is the volcanic plateau of india?
What would the world be like with no religions in it?
What will the Texas Longhorns record be next year?
how many calories per day for 57 year old male?
Is 17 too young to have a credit card?
illustrated picture of a Tigher Salamander?
tattoo design give your views???
What has happened to Othella Harrington this year?
How many have conquered depression without meds?
how can i make a website?
where can i download free full version of free programmes?
is a 396 big block faster than a 400 small block?
Are you happy with the people in your life?
Senior English Final HELP!!?
Why does my computer take so long to play video?
losing weight..?
how can i stop junk  e mails?
what are maternal twins?
Is anyone alarmed at how increasingly superficial women are becoming?
Why do my mom tell her boyfriend my business?
You want a riddle...?
How sex with girl?
How do I tell him?
Why do yahoo controlers interfere in pool games?
Acute Bronchitis?
who is ny senator brendan daly?
Is Monogamy, a thing of the past?
main occupation of people in great britain?
Anybody else heard "The Emo Song"?
Whats the best way to make a living on the internet?
Need some help AGAIN!?
Is the law in space justified only by means at this point?
who else was born on January 15 like me?
What is a 'vortal'?
How can a US citizen trade stocks on the Australian Stock Exchange?
How do you beat up people at school without getting into trouble?
What would the 99% of scientists have to gain?
how do you tell the difference between two nebulas?
What does the saying 'three holes in the ground' mean?
What is your favorite Month and why??
What is the lightest durable material?
What does Gross SQ FT price mean?
How do you say "red" in Russian?
Is it true that after natural birth?
i don,t fine a good girl for wedding?
what is the davinci code?
Can emotional child abuse hold up in court?
what is the period for medieval times?
How much should an administrative assistant make an hour?
Is Sex a good thing or bad?
Why do I have to go to work every day?
can a will be looked up at the courthouse?
why does the sky turn green before a tornado?
Christopher Walken=dead sexy?
pro bono plastic surgery?
for the guys out there...?
Which Rookies do you think will start this season?
which US city has the most autombile dealerships?
who were the four heads of state of the central powers?
inmate in jail in newmexico?
Only real John Cena fans plz!!!?
what to sell in an underground business?
Was Condoleeza Rice ever on Good Times?
What does getting played consist of?
what is the earliest age child can start hockey school?
how to get a Gmail?
To you, how fickle are words?
What is shrimping?
do yahoo web spiders cover yahoo groups?
when live eto'o?
Question Canadian Revenue Agency/Internal Revenue Service?
MAC is whack?
who sings start stary night?
How To Learn Spanish...?
The last 3 months I have had irregular periods please help?
how i can know if my boyfriend is cheating on me?
Predicting mass of a product??
What was the legal drinking age in 1945?
Who will win the superbowl?
who is your favorite fullmetal alchemist character?
who was invented pads for womans menstrul cycle?
can turkeys fly?
What to do?
how can i get limewire off of my computer?
Information about race horse It's no Joke?
Do you get depressed on birth control pills?
why man become gay?
American Idol, past times, anyone?
how  many   goals will England  score in the  group  stage?
What supernatural creature would you like to be and why?
who sings the song "Gold in the morning sun" ?
Tegucigalpa is the capital of...?
who thinks mysterio does not deserve to be champion?
wats the name of the celtic fc manager?
Does anyone know what NASCAR stands for?
Adult bullies in positions of power. Do you know any?
Why Russians allways drunk?
does anybody of you knows the true meaning of friendship..?
what is the imaginary desert oasis formed in the desert called?
when was the world cereated?
Where is mokokchung?
why are there differences in the development of people and societies?
about transaction cost theory?(everything)?
What do you think of this parody song???
What Qualities make a person smart?
A Catholic becoming a Buddhist but staying Catholic?
petria thomas personal best for swimming?
From the front, from the rear or standing up?
Do paintballs hurt?
why is it that good love is so hard to find?
Has anyone heard of Chiggers Or maybe Jiggers?
life of aryabhatta?
How does flour affect the melting of ice?
why are gems beutiful?
what are the top three problems facing the nation today?
Why does everyone want a bf or a gf?
Has anybody ever escaped from Alcatraz prison?
What Aldidos mean in Spanish?
does anyone know when snow leopards became endangered???
What male tennis player won Australian Open in 1983?
How to convert cals to kcals?
what is the ssc exam's result web site?
Should I be Her friend?
Is Star bigger than Sun?
Can a college find out if you have previous college credit.?
anyone know any remedies for a toothache?
who was the singer that sang with queen after Freddie Mercury?
Does  Anyone know that Garlic  is good for your Heart?
avian flu in iran ?
Do you know what brand is your kitchen sink?
What's the best song by Bright Eyes?
how do you say "friendship" in spanish?
Did Jesus ****?
Gas Laws - uses and applications?
when does the solar eclips occur again?
what do i get the man who has everything?
how do u get fingerprints out of cds?
Canfood drive?
What is the highest bloodsugar anyone has ever heard of?
What does the title for Ego Tripping mean?
how can the number of rows be increased in Microsoft Excel?
was angela pinkerton case ever solved in az?
Can people of India get rid of corrupt politicians?
Is Evolution Religion?
will I ever get back with stacy?
how many seasons of roseanne are there?
People  hate  my   so   much  HELP  MY.?
Do doctor's offices or clinics hire student workers?
Is the center of the earth hollow?
what is apostrophe?
Did you know that mesterbation is a sin?
Problems that evils the development of a country?
girls and seeing nudity?
who's your football?
Is two gallons of water a day too much to drink ?
how to develop indomitable spirit?
Who is interested in astronomy and astrophysics?
why do christians worship?
Should Muslims now bow to Dearborn Michigan ?
please in one paragraph?
Do you LIKE or HATE President Bush?
women aught to be kept indoors.?
What would you do for World Cup tickets?
Why are there so many misspelled words on this site?
Who will be the next World Champion of Cricket?
What does Schister mean?
Why is my wireless phone interfering with my wireless DSL?
17th arrondissement paris?
Surfers wave logbook??  Gift for Dad?
any and anything about the Russian government for my report?
Okay, who spins the story better, Hannity or I?
Canadian Money Orders.?
Did you ever had a pimple on your eyelid?
What does Allied Health mean?
Is  overclocking my CPU a good idea?
DO any one knows a website that has good games??
Got any good video game suggestions for me?
Restricions! whos up for a good 1?
What does he want to imply?
who one the superowl/?
What movie ckokes you up the most?
Yeast Infection??
I need help on these plantae kingdoms questions?
Are amino acids acyl compounds?
Do you want to get married someday?
Could i be pregnant?
Are u telling Iran has no right to defend itself??
Should people put god on trial for committing crimes against humanity?
what is fusion nuclear reactor?
Why is cocaine always lined on a mirror or another reflective surface?
Trolls: Love them or hate them?
Where is the best place to get a MBA?
how much time I should take to lose 10 pounds?
what is love?what is the true meaning of relationship?
labratory impelimentes?
This is serious question of  Women?
Why are kids so afraid of being alone?
what is hetrosexual?
name that tune!?
The word "never" and "forever" can use together?
do u any others?
What is it that...?
how do you break up the relationship between two guys?
why does the internet security restrict me from seeing my email?
Is there anyone on earth more pimp than I am?
is this right?
When was Indira Gandhi arrested during the Janata Party regime?
what city is the best college city to party?
legal outdoor shooting spots in Anchorage Alaska?
How do be involved without getting involved?
Anyone else seen this Staple King guy posting??
Why the long wait to get diplomas?
What can I do to make my finger nails grow?
A sex-linked carrier is:?
what is the most annoying habit from others?
Are there any openings for an amateur gynecologist?
what form of government does the united states have?
How am I supposed to get a girl to notice me??
What is chaos?
After the genocide in Rwanda what is life like in Rwanda today?
How does a digital to analog converter work?
Who is America's number 1 tennis player?
best place to go fishing in bucks county?
5'6" 147 am i ? Obese?
wtf is he trying to do to me???
Please tell me is there any quality of detective job in Thailand?
should we kill all pedofiles?
do you think math was invented or discovered?
Augustus Jackson's achievements and obstacles; What were they?
Who is stronger? Superman or Shazam Captain Marvel?
What is the Nitrogen Cycle ?
Please direct me to real free download Skype site?
What is the most fulfilling part of your day?
who's gonna win, England or Ecuador??
What did John Cabot wear?
voting rights?
St. lawrence river?
How did Billy Martin die?
Rules for a Happy life (Very Very True!)?
Translate Spanish "Compadre" to English?
what is Mcdonald's corporation marketing strategy?
money..money..money!!?
does this poem contain any use of  implied metaphor?
What is the difference between Moslem and Muslem?
Who do you think will be the last 2 on American Idol?
Does anybody else lke the band seether?
what element is in the filament of light bulbs?
how my scores are?
Breast milk ?
usb to serial controller?
Who is Islam Karimov?
Why did Dick Cheney cross the road?
Business Idea, whats next?
Fast Food Fun!!..?
getting ready for track..?
Jean-baptiste primi visconti?
what is chemistry?
Please help me with 21 Part 11 CFR?
why are they called cowboys?
do you believe in love at first sight?
what should i doooooooo?
what is standard deviation?
Why won't girls go out with me?
How to learn UML and OOP?
sex sex sex?
How many links ???
Who's your favorite prince?
how can i open my friend ster?
Does Michigan have an extradition law with Missouri?
Can anybody translate this into English?
my jet ski will not crank?
What do u think ?
What religion did the Muslims follow before Mohamed?
Why not let the Muslims kill each other?
what do you think? Are farts funny?
Do Trading Spaces creations hold up against everyday use?
How to restore my windows 98 SE computer?
what are the two main factors of air pressure in the atmosphere?
England or Sweden?
if i like a boy should i tell him i like him?
do enjoi boards last long?
where are cadbury schweppes manufacturing plants located?
Looking for a estimateing school in denver?
Which NHL teams will come out of Round 1 in the playoffs?
help trying to quit smoking!!?
what are the different components in the Flash MX environments?
Where can I find Helen of University of Sto.Tomas?
nursing ??
Are you a cat lover or hater?
What is the shape of HCO3-?
what is underbite?
Law Query ??
Buying fender japan.?
how do i invest my money safely?
whats the best linking park song?
what do you think of the boogeyman?
Which is smarter : a horse or a rock ?  Why ?
i hate the military?
Is that all you're going to do tonight?
how do  i know when i like someone?
Who would you pick as your starting 5 in the NBA?
Who did have the biggest share in founding "Calculus" ?
united states?
How do you say welcome to Naantali in Finnish?
If water  did not expand when it freezes would everything die?
What does Vanity Fair mean? And is it a place?
Did the declining morals of Romans cause the fall?
what is classical physics?
Does VOIP work with Direcway?
what is a chupacabra?
Hey why are yawns contagious?
what are  APO/FPO addresses means???
How to develop communication skills.?
Are we developing the earth to it's demise?
rhomboids surface?
why does it cost money to get a goverment grant?
Have any of you heard that new song called...?
Where's the best place to watch the Space Shuttle Launch?
pro-choice or pro-life...and why?
Does IRS have thier own free online filing site?
Why are majority of these question on here racist?
how do you help people who are angry about themselves?
What is the best way?
what would make a great bank slogan?
What's the most crooked thing in the world?
getting construction jobs in iraq?
What should I do? Please help me!!?
The vein in my arm?
what is  the importance of media in today's world ?
is itching and pain in the nipple symptoms of breast cancer?
what is MIS Report?
Have you ever torn your ligament on your leg?
Who here is adopted?
on my credit report, what is a finacial trade?
What is religion?
Does he really like me, or what?
Should Michelle Kwan Go to the Olympics?
Rhyme the word 'Schmurgled'?
Did you ever have a crush on a stranger?
what is 3g technology?
What would be a good bubble solution to make bubbles last longer?
what is an acid anhydride?
What percentage of politicians lie and deceive ?
How many enemy combatants have died in the Iraq war?
What should i do?
instructions on mini blimps?
what is the best nightspot in aruba?
Does the Q-ray bracelet really work?
why my parents against my love and my marrige?
Should I go for it?
Need accounting information system Romney solution?
Who thinks that the Burka is a bit too much?
does fii have voting rights in the Indian companies?
Can you apply text and effects to Windows movie maker ? how?
Can your knee feel pain from your spine getting crooked?
Help me please!?
who plays on neopets?what is your pen name?
Is any one a freak out there?
Is it possible to go mute?
The mile high city is the nickname for?
Which 8 teams will get through to the quarter finals?
Fly Line Question?
Is there a shadow government for the United States?
carbureator that burns cheifly water??
i wnat to forget someone ? it can b possible ?
why did bush lie to?
Read THIS!!!!!!!1?
Can someone help me find a song like this?
Whatt is the salary of a vet?
tell me the site to download mp3 music for free?
what forces are related to the floating of a boat or ship?
How do you relieve the nausea related with an ear cleaning?
why do people hide from Jehovah's Witnesses?
what is design sin?
Proper sentence structure question...?
What is the use of sulfur dioxide as a food additive?
how can i quit smoking?
Yahoo becoming more strict?
where is your partner from ?
who hates green day!?
where u from?
Your Relatives Or Mine?
How can I file a complaint against AOL?!?
can you give some facts about hydroelectricity?
Theorical possbilities of travelling in time?
how to create a color chart from a gif file?
Do you know anything about Quest International Co ?
Is curt spaulding happy?
best premiership stadium?
is it true?
What country was Donni born?
how much does a swat officer make?
who is your favorite ?
What do you call stalks of grain?
Isn't the Windows Vista impressive?
Democrat or Republican?  Which should I go with?
what the best website of guns n roses?
how long does ecstasy last in your blood?
im nervous to play paintball?
Are you a Democrat or Republican?
Why does candy make me sleepy?
grievance against another employee?
Where is the cordless and why is it always lost?
Has anyone seent the 1976 play Sister Act by Charles Busch?
how far is 6 furlongs?
Problems registering credit cards on eBay?
Was Shane Richie (Easterners) ever in a band?
why did mount st helen form??
Can you help me with this?
How can I make my penis big?
what is a legacy?
who else is weird?
hey everybody i have a question....?
What is the question that show the way to freedom ?
i want some analysis about Saudi Arabia and Portugal friendly match ?
What discount brokers have no or the lowest trading fees?
Does anyone know of this bioluminescent insect?
How much do Criminal Lawyers make?
I need to find out about a warrant Montgomery County Texas?
How do you say stubborn in spanish?
Why do Americans think English People all speak like the Queen?
Should i wait til he asks me out or just ask him?
home remedy for mole removal?
What is more important for society...?
What is the better movie Click or Waist Deep?
What school do u go to? where.?
sally field films?
why isnt big ben in the pro bowl?
Overall, how do you rank the US Government?
Questions Below.?
who's the stupidest celeb in the world?
What is the British form of the FBI?
which match is the most exciting so far?
What is your best attribute?
How should I handle this?
list of requirements for canada visa?
can air be filled?
What it a monolith generally made of?
How can I ease off of welfare into actually working?
I don't know what to do .?
Why do you think that Iran have nuclear bombs?
how can i get my mom off psych meds?
Why do people hate Jose Mourihno so much?
What are the 4 fundamental laws of logic?
According to Galatians what people still remain under a curse?
Memory in a Dell Demmentions 2400?
how doI calculate temperature change of a rising air mass?
How much electricity does a typical computer use?
All your base are belong to us?
Does Eskimos ever take a shower?
Who do you think has the smellier feet?
Diabetic kidney pain?
Does anyone else feel like crap today?
What military actions took place at Washington and Baltimore in 1814?
Who won the Scottish Cup in 1997?
what does 'akia pz mela' mean?
where do i find dx myspace layouts?
why does darkness makes you tired?
Question......?
what is technical Writing?
what websites show pictures of the holy grail?
are you a woman with beautiful feet?
atomic developing?
how much does it cost to produce ethanol and biodiesel?
converting dvd to divx?
Do you support Repubz or Demoz?
Who thinks First Lady Laura Bush is a closet smoker?
Did anybody?
I have chest pains what do i do.?
who is the new resident on grey's anatomy?
where on the internet can i find the history of my house?
How would a teacher from Albania become certified in the US?
what are the functions of world bank?
Islam and christanity?
What is the difference between strep throat and scarlet fever?
is there a sinus located in the back of the head?
Which players have scored over 50 premiership goals?
knocking one out before sex?
I like the way you talk?
do you have an overwhelming urge to hug heather McCartney?
Hej Sloveni?
What is the best Laptop going for the best price?
How do you put a processor in a computer?
Do you know people who thrive on attention?
How far is over yonder?
Can the President save the war in Iraq?
is a uni education needed?
Anyone out there a pyschiatrist?
Why do Mosquito bites itch and rise?
What are the rules for joining the Mile High Club?
what is the only real drug problem?
Entertainment Weekly or do you have another favourite?
Do you get emotional around the end of the school year?
In Illinois can a 15 year old work at a daycare?
In Christianity?
What accent/dialect of English do you speak?
How to Control Sexual Desires?
If George Bush was a statue?
How do teeth braces help pulling teeth to position?
what is the average days to learn swimming?
Kings of Comedy or Redneck Tour?
what do i need to do?
is it possible to stop baldness?
what do you think is better soccer or football? why?
Latin help?
how many sides does a rhombus have?
Hall of Fame?
Anyone using AVG/Grisoft virus protection?
How to find the edges on a rectangle?
What does Al Gore drive?
How to college Credit Hours Work?
What makes you happy?
What do you want from a religion?
what was the most interesting place you ever had sex?
Good webcam recommendations?
Do you know how you can save money for your business?
family members had releations now shes pregnant im worried?
What do butterfly's feel when they're in love?
identify the ummayyad system of government and taxation?
Why is Animal Rights decreasing more today?
Why do my eyes hurt after diving?
How to download,save,and open the attachements?
Another Force Question?
what should i do?
How can I recover lost memory from an external drive?
What do you think of my new website?
In blood tests - what does the HCT stand for?
what a "high maintenance" girl want in a relationship?
Opinion please?
What is the old TV show with puppet dragons or dinosaurs?
Have you been born on a Monday????
where can i find mosby's drug cards?
Why can't you spell?
how Resistance temprature detector works?
.Some great Shakespearean quotes please.?
What is this about?
where do you accent on the word performence?
How do you make swelling go down?
Best streetball move?
Whos the best??
Need advice on the tax consequences of selling inhereited land?
Guys only plz?
Where did the saying "When pigs fly" originate from?
Why do average women think they look so good?
does yahoo make donations with e-mail chains?
Guys---what would u say 2 turn me on?
Who is the best attacker in the world ??
how to hit a one handed backhand in tennis?
what does "a man's gotta eat mean"?
how is urine formed and eliminated?
Do any of you take your life seriously?
wat is the worst disease in the world??
Sign To Bring To Good Morning America?
What is bamboocha ?
What does the heart rate measure?
Hello Im your martyr?
why do people "hook up" online?
are there any in good single ladys in oklahoma?
religon shouldn't hate science?
If you went to church today, how was it?
How come people have allergies?
what are some good nicknames?
where is the highest mountain?
can i make it in the NBA?
Why does God allow suffering in the world?
what are the difference betweeen animal cells and plant cells?
whats 3 to the power of 9?
Best home remedy for stress that helps you?
female superheros sucks..agree?
what do you expect to win the world cup???
How do you feel about the holidays?
Should I tell my bf that I love him?
Ok what now!?
What is the standard size of a bar-room pool table?
Should the girl tell her bf how much she love him?
Will you tell me your secrets?
how to ask out a girl?
What was your pastors sermon about last Sunday?
How to acces network drive from Java Server Pages?
where can you get tekmates?
Do you think Sir Teh Fuzz will rule the world?
5th Grade people?
who will tomorrow  cricket match between India & west indies?
Why does coffee and tea keep some people awake but not others?
What is the going rate on a tooth these days ?
Why some body odours are sweet and some are not?
need to find out how to find the area of a square?
what are the specific companies who are using network firewall?
Green Bay Packer Fans?
why was the law passed for same sex marriage?
phone book for kilmarnock scotland?
The human body - disgusting?
how to propose a girl on telephone?
Looking for someone that can loan me 500.00 dollars?
what is mean by viability of cells in animal tissue culture?
Will i get engineering english dictionary to hindi?
How to build turbines for jet engines?
what should i do luv problems?
what is an abadsense ready webside?
What is molybneum?
What would change the overall density of a hot air balloon?
Looking yo lose weight for the summer?
glucose levels?
is there a way I can generate a fake ID online?
what is the industry where the most people are employed in China?
What is inotropic?
About the movie Goal?
Why does teachers use computer?
What would you like your gravestone to say?
What do you think of the name Perry?
for phyisics lovers actually gravitational lovers?
how manny stamps do you need on a letter?
what is the best way to save and get a reasonable return?
how much does size matter?
Why cant I stop eating?
Magnetic chuck?
what is CFTR?
what brand of mainboard is reliable and popular ?
career counselling?
What makes stainless steel stainless?
does anyone suffer from SI?
What should i do to stay  from this big problem?
how many issues of vanity fair are sold each month?
Find video of 3 rifle volley?
How do you find antipodal positions?
Background check question?
What were the abortion laws in the state of Illinois in 1945?
Name of county for Akron, Colorado?
This is a Challenage: I dare you do that?
how do you handle shin splints?
Could the Iraq War become the next Vietnam?
why is the sky blue?
Did Euler invent the Venn diagrams?
How is a word a word?
What is the sexiest zodiac sign?
please help me?
for what value of x is the square of x-2?
which of the following NEVER applies to a complete flower?
how can we exchange the points to money?
what is message in terms of operating system?
when did microsoft release Internet Explorer 6?
what is the seed bearing structure of angiosperms?
Will there be big screens outside the world cup stadia?
how can we stop war in the world?
what's a good band?
i cant figure out earths gravity or plutos?
whar were the crusades?
What is this script about?
How do you cope with interstitial cystitis?
Michigan law on felony?
what does 'aqueous' mean?
what are the implications of textbook shortage?
Is it impossible for a 40 year old to start College?
Can soya milk really cause cancer?
can i get pictures of Bob Traft governor of ohio?
Sinus suggestions? i need help please!?
Movie-ish question?
whats the deal with all the sickos asking nasty questions?
how can i earn more money in the netherlands?
Home networking - 2 PCs - question re router?
Any list of books that can help me to remove my doubts?
What should the next presidental candidate do to earn your vote?
What is your best quote for a teacher?
how could the U.S. change after these elections?
who sang this song?????
what do you do when you have a crush on someone?
jet black hair...?
Who else is a huge Law and Order: SVU fan?
What happenend to Gerald Levert, he died this weekend?
