What's the difference between a conservative and a liberal?
What is the origin of the phrase "my bad"?
PSP internet HELP!!!?
What is sexsism?
what are your average grades in math?
Serious question for Conservatives (not some stupid partisan attack)?
ADVIL overdose?
Something about the person below you?
Al Gore as the home page featured question?
Can chocolate and soda cause acne?
Can priests unionize?
which fish is called 'wolf ofthe water'?
can you read my mind?
following linear equation.?
pictures or photographs of Indian freedom struggle?
can you scuba dive any where in las vegas?
Favorite diamond cut?
Help!!!!!!!!?
what is NBSP?
this just aint right!...?
Doesn't Mickie James look like a mouse?
Is google sign in free?
My 10 years old son says he sees people that are dead?
i have big issues!!!!!!?
Is there any permanent cure for muscle distrhopy?
is this gallbladder too or something else?
I have no friends.....?
How do you better your credit score?
what is your favorite catch phrase??????
Physics - power:?
I am a Microsoft Access Programmer?
how to teach softball sliding technique?
What is a healthy weight for someone 5 feet, 2 inches?
How do I know about DNA?
can there be a world without borders?
What are some issues facing people who come to Canada.?
Naruto Episodes?
how do you produce 100% ethanol?
What is the best way to slow my metabolic rate?
What are your three favorite movies?
what is descriptive statistics?
What Does Numeracy in Maths mean?
How do you iggy someone on yim?
is real madrid will sign with gerard?
Name famous people with huntingtons disease?
solve 6x+2=4x+9?
what "hard" language should i learn?
winter games?
does a mouse pad matter when you play games?
Computer hardware problem?
How do you play baseball with five infielders?
How can I find out how much my fellow employees make?
What proof is there of Reincarnation?
she was my first love?
Does the California school system suck?
What is kayfabe?
Facts about the gateway arch??
What are the rules of the basketball game?
Will Steelers make it to the Super Bowl XL?
Fender with humbucker or no humbucker?
Will everything be solid at absolute zero temperature?
Textbook reading-understanding-notetaking & learning?
how do you say "Permit Denied" in Spanish?
Underground tunnels.?
Anti-American children, what should I do?
r u important if so 2 who &y?
What is a hex editor? Where can I find one?
Does anybody need help??????
can you help me math please?
softwrae to open blocked websight?
how many kilometers does a dragonfly fly in an hour?
what is leopard' wife?
Where is Yahoo DataCenter?
What kinda music do you like?
What is the difference between a sect and a cult?
Does the new Yahoo toolbar work in Windows ME?
how to manage waste?
Whats the difference between ocean and sea ?
Where would you rather be....?
boyfriend trouble?
Would you vote for a woman president (of the US)?
What do I do?
can you recommend me some new proxy ?
value of tungstun per kilogram or ton?
Men only, How do you tell?
what kind of snakes inhabit maine?
what's bipolar?
programming in assembler?
BNP not guilty again :-)?
a man question?
did barry bonds play for the reds?
I want to learn how to design a web site?
Dell Inspiron 600m How to get Recovery Back?
Does anyone believe in the Philly and Montauk projects?
what are possible causes of aching hands?
What love express ??????????
what does the ring on your thumb mean?
i dont like singapore..any suggestion?
should we investigate bush and this war?
what is difference betveen hub and switch?
Who is your?
women do u like a guy who can play the guitar?
What does i.d.c. mean?
What ever became of John Rocker?
is it healthy to swim in water lower than 68 degrees?
cowboy riddle?
Of the sad choices below  which would you choose if forced?
should your spouse be responsible for financial support of his siblings?
is this possible..??
do you think this is a good grade on my report card?
what is a gross ionic equation in chemistry?
Boyfriend problems??
how should i kiss my boyfriend when we are with alone?
The next presidential election....?
Why am I growing?
in what ways is crack good for you?
What is the best sporting event?
Employee Bonus?
pictures of police arresting for a drug bust?
Why doesn't the government just make cigarettes illegal?
what is the other word for gay girls?
who the worst people on each wwe show?
Who got kicked off x factor last night?
what is the meaning of a feasibly report?
Why is Ted Kennedy our Senator?
Is life worth living?
how should i learn english?
How to amend an LLC in state of Georgia?
Do I look like anyone famous?
exam tatics?
muslim who converted to other religion.?
What can people tell me about Elvis?
Guitar lessons?
How do you flirt?
Trying to decide whether to move?
Information on the song Eva Maria?
Cheap skateboards?
synonym of ascending order?
How do I say "Just Keep Living" in Spanish?
What is your stance on gay marrige?
Is is it true that Edge is joining ECW?
What are you favorite songs from the following artists?
Homework help on a riddle?
java trojan horse?
how can i be a certified teacher in london?
How do I find out salaries for people in my company?
Does anyone agree with me?
What are the best foods to eat when being exposed to heat?
When is the next season of Lost coming out on DVD?
whats best for me OS whise please answer me?
Do you know where I can find or download free sheet music?
Has studying the theory of evolution affected your belief in God?
hepatic aid ll instant drink?
who was the firts man to walk in the moon ?
what is the difference between marketing research and market research?
is it true that a liver can regenerate itself ???
is any1 here a freemason?
What's La La from MTV first name?
when will an african team win the world cup?
can a power of attorney access a trust?
who likes or loves demolition derbies?
What is Sinus? Is there any treatment for Sinus?
how did the great depression of 1929 end?
How can you easily get High School Community Hours?
Can psychokinetic energy transfer through a voice recording?
plant questions (not my homework)?
What is the real Ricky Martin's name?
what is i386 on your desktop?
what is a photocoupler?
What is the data structure used to perform recursion?
who sings its five oclock somewhere?
What's so civil about war anyway?
What is the philosophy of learning and does it change with age?
what is ronaldinho surname?
Can you give me the actual therapy for stopping over sweating?
Can anyone suggest me topics for a project in biotechnology?
what is judaism?
i want to know more about yemen?
Why do people compare Harry Potter with LOTR?
what r ways to evaluate a project?
Using coefficients for chemical formulas?
Why is the Arti ceremony important to Hindu worship?
does anybody have any dwyane wade cards?
An emergency of this nature can cause fall issues at entry ways?
Best response to a "whats up" from a friend?
the oc????
How much should an oil change cost?
Am I the only one that thinks the NBA Finals were fixed?
Is there any home remedy for fever blisters?
does any one know if the movie Crash is a true story?
C++ difference between delete and destroy?
In what movie does everyone die, Including a dog?
who are the top 5 racers in each class listed below?
What is the best about summer vacation?
a question about breast lumps.?
hwo do you know when if your in love?
How scientist measure the distance between planets?
Mystery band at ozzfest 2006?
why do we get depressed?
sample html code injection?
scanner frequencies for jefferson county alabama?
how many distribution transformers are there in a Navy Ship?
how to find other people's IP addresses?
do u know who was first make the football?
is it illeagle to purchase sassafras oil?
Whats a conversation starter? I need help!?
cctv and other forms of surveillance?
How are sand dunes formed?
Seriously need help here from men?
Do you think its possible to make another holocaust?
Trouble coming?
do you know where you can get free call on programming?
Enter Contests?
ABout Smithing?
do you snore when sleep?
how to start a school support group?
When playing golf, what is the best way to avoid casting?
is subhash chandra bose still alive?
trends in color printing?
how many people wet the bed till they were 12?
Why can't we all drop the Race thing?
Responding to answers.....?
Can somebody tell me the best colleges in New York City?
website for jail inmates?
Where can i find cheap flower dresses in Sacramento, CA?
What is your favourite number ?
What are humanity courses? Do you learn mostly by class discussion?
Should ganguly be back?
What is the origin of Muslim?
my wife wants to.....?
Whats the most you've ever spent shopping?
How did praetors gain upper hand over the Roman senate?
what is a good flash drive 2 get 4 my computer?
Was Blaze Winter ever part of the green bay packers?
The Kings are out, are you sad?
which is newer?
what is OSA Sinc?
Can anyone help me with this?
Video Editing: anyone do it for pay?
how much memory does smackdown vs raw 2006 take?
pictures :D?
What is your perfect girl?
Man, what happened to the Mavericks?
do u love gw bush?
What religion is Spanish singer Julio Iglesias a follower of?
Can I improve my eyesight?
How do you spell...?
How do i find my parents?
Who is the gayest person in the world?
Mention your 4 Players-Team (like FIFA Street)?
Does anyone know of any celebrities born on august 8?
kidney cancer?
Best skateboard for under $100?
about protein expression and engineering?
Where is the best place to buy a competition speedo?
How old is Andy Milonakis? Really?
Who is the best pool player ever?
Best Antivirus?
Which country is the most honest in our world?
what is polylove?
How can a journal help you? mentally?
how do yo know if you are ready for marriage?
Whats ur favorite song by The Doors?
Do you know a Christian who never sinned after being saved?
Don't you WISH you could quit your job?
Is limewire?
Why are moms so nasty?
mollusks have a pseudopod which means?
how do i compute interest earned in APY?
How can I save videos in my computer for viewing offline?
Does anyone know how to create a website?
What do you think about Korea vs Swiss?
In the movie "The Queen"...?
What do Stephen Hawking and Galileo share most in common?
why my computer work so slow?
what's the best product for acne treatment?
confused & stressed, please help??
How do you say Rose Mary in Spanish?
The animated movie Car?
how do u take this off ur comp?
How do I contact a White House spokesman either directly or indirectly?
Best art schools in the United States?
what jessica favorite movie?
How to postpone ejaculation ?
What do you do when you get passed over for a promotion?
What items will the Salvation Army not accept?
is saddam dead now?
Why is it so bad to eat before bed?
please help!!?
how many of guys have had to help deliver a baby?
how to grow taller?
Is it love or lust at first sight?
Update my PC?
How can I be friend with her ?
i need information on racial profilling?
Do I have Any Rights???
have you started christmas shopping yet?
Do you feel your elected representives decisions should reflect public opinion?
Who sings this song?
Will Kobe be better than Jordan?
multi user programm?
How can I do this?
Where can i find scholarly analysis on mark twain?
Does it really matter that I'm an Atheist?
What do 64 meg ram means?
My cover was blown...?
who won dancing with the stars contest?
Whose going to get the 2nd Mclaren seat?
do you know the new myspace proxies?
Physics Movie Problem?
Is there anything that make Unix OS more advantage than Windows OS?
skinny layout generator???
What is polonium-210?
why  love  is  not  esay?
explain schrodingers cat?
Little Rascal Spanky, alive or dead?
i work from home, would a girl marry me?
Has anyone ever heard of being 'haunted' by a smell?
What is DNA?
Linear transformation matrix?
I'm  trying  to  fine Targets  job  area?
molar enthalpy of combustion of decane?
I need to find information about eagles?
Why dont lots of guys like eating girls out?
Who are the current officeholders for the house and senate?
Is president BUSH good or bad?
looking for justinsnowsfootballcamp?
what are some ideas for making a planet?
Hows everyone doing???
Even though he said im the only one does he mean it?
Senator Jim Webb: wasn't he a crooner?
what are your thoughts on censorship in walmart?
what the creatin suposed to do?  exactly?
Long Time No See - where does the phrase originate?
football related problems?
hate mail to pro-amnesty cities?
Are online degrees accepted in the Workforce?
Dilute solutions?
What is the  National Honor Roll program?
Is Oprah still fat?
What would you do if the United States became communist?
has anyone seen the ghost on 3Men And A Baby?
Pls answer!!?
when will crude oil be exhausted in the world?
What do you want your funeral to be like?
Questions to Colombians?
what dose Kali mean in Hawaiian?
Are blunts legal?
Terminator 3 reviews?
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas...?
does anybody know where 2 get sum New York Yankees layouts?
Where can I find the 1979 Indiana State University basketball roster?
Why doesn't Notre Dame.....?
Does anyone know websites or people who will pay money for pictures?
Chicago bears........?
Do you believe that there is an absolute truth?
Career choices?
Which Star Wars Character Would You Be?
solve these equation as a system....?
What the hell's wrong with Tom cruise?
Do you always close your questions?
who was first man on moon?
Who here is gothic?
What is a heating degree day?
how do you define love?
What is Bionetrics?
who would make a good "JOKER"?
all christian gornaments are terrorrist why?
what is the cell structure of yeast?
how do i loss weight?
Why is Brittany Spears so unappealing now?
Does Oprah realy answer Emails??
how far is earth from Venus?
what dose Saudi Arabia mean for you?
Why is  ima_report_you telling on everyone?
do you need malpractice insurance for radiology?
How  do i get a pen pal?
What was the Stephen King novel Hearts In Atlantis about?
why is life sooo boring?
What happenned to Roddy Piper?
What are the best colour/s for braces?
How many calories does sex burn?
Who is adam morrison's girlfriend?
i need some facts on eramus?
how i use the microphone to tolk?
How do i do this ?
In baseball, what does RBI mean?
does anyone believe in love spells?
What is DaVinci Code . Thanks Gerry?
Other than therapy how can you get rid of depression?
Name five of your favorite comedies before the 1960's.?
Why are girls so mean to each other?
"ProActiv Solution" Users?
What causes these awful canker sores?
what ever happen to sisquo from dru hill?
is viet nam gorverment suck?
Where can I find the official rules of rugby?
Where can I get a free email extractor software to download?
how does corporations reward employees who have entrepreneurial skills?
where to exchange stamps?
What do Leprechaun's look like?
What is the score?
Goverment Assistance = Lazy Bum?
Which is better, Visual Basic 6 or .net?
Who speaks Spanish? If so, Where are you from?
Why is the sky blue?
Do u think that USA is doing right in IRAQ?
who knows how to suck up to somebody?
what disk do you use to record video games?
is there something wrong w/ me?
Have you found what you were looking for?
what is your favorite "witch" movie?
Do you like my search engine?
What is the traditional clothing worn in Peru?
Do you hate homeless people?
what's the history of live-in relationships?
how do you to tell if a girl is into you?
are u loud or quiet when u have sex?
How many guys should you date at one time?
why do jehovahs witnesses keep trying to convert people?
what came first, the chicken or the egg?
Where is the internet history stored?  Can it be erased?
What the responsibilities of a software implementation project manager?
what do i look up for the correctional center information?
looking to download and burn movies on to dvd?
what is oleosin ?
CNA in Kansas City???
What is the best 1500 calorie meal plan?
What is the process of crystallization?
Which movie can you watch more than 10 times?
where did football start from?
am i stupid?
Are you dead ??
Have Bush and Cheney slept together?
Is She Still With Her Ex?
what is cisco?
Why no upsets in this World Cup thus far?
Recommendations for a satisfactory research website?
bachelors party? what is it?
Is cleanliness an issue for you?
Is there any irish people on this site?
does mercury the planet have any sign of geological activity?
what time does wwe start today?
how do i bring up the history on my computer?
why do you guys always go for the skinny stick like people?
What do rolie polies eat?
my computer desktop is turning green, why?
what happened  during the eighth amendment was written?
Anyone know what's up with Bonzi Wells?
Have you ever been stalked?
Are you good or creative with words?
what does Ruyterkade mean?
What exactly does "Jaya Bhagavan" mean?
wut is ya favorite sport?
IWhy Male Endownment Shrinks?
who here has a yahoo messenger?
What do you think of Englands chances against Ecuador?
what is the personnel of each court?
Fish Smells?
Mosquitos, What Good are They anyway??
How many mL are in cm cubed?
Do you think I can speak English well?
Need help figuring out how to study?
Toe print idents?
What is the meaning of life?
random walker ?
Who's your favorite to win the World Baseball Classic?
How can I buy a stock easily without involving a broker?
Windows Hotfix??
When was the initial release of Microsoft's .Net technology?
Dream like state?
on the radio it asked!?
What is majoring in pre-med?
i want to write a letter please help me quick?
who is krrish&anniyan?
Did you take showers after gym class in high school?
How do I get LaunchCast to work?
Has anyone seen this Lifetime movie called Odd girl out?
The Lipstick?
what about razor phone?is it good one to buy?
How to make 4 primary partitions by fdisk?
create words from :tolerance?
can a triangle fit inside a circle?
WWE Trivia?
Is there a public naval dishonorable discharge list?
Is this a good idea for Valentines day?
how to watch movies online?
is he cheating?????
Who was the Derby County goalkeeper?
How do I know which processes I can end on my PC?
A man is about to die...?
Dad won't speak to me or son?
what were you doing at 8:11am this morning?
If weed is all natural, why is it illegal?
I need help with this math problem please?
What is the best solution for excessive perspiration?
in order from best 2 worst please.?
business people please answer?
Is this a symptom of something?
hello anyone like to be my friend.?
how do we know the man that we love will marry us ?
Is this a legitimate at home business venture?Herbalite?
What's your scope on the latest Pope?
How many years are we away from genetically engineered athletes?
Musicmatch juke box problems?
i need ijmb form in nigeria?
Foreign language...?
what are some clues to the hunt for the volvo?
Method to survive boring relatives?
do skateboard shoes matter?
Anyone have tips for a pitching coach for a varsity baseball team?
What is "death"....?
Who was the headmaster of Glasgow Art School?
Web site design and web maintenance ?
Why a man dies when his heart stops beating?
Depressed? would this help?
worlds most common name?
is fidel castro sick in spain?
which president is this quote from?
what jigs do you use to fish in clear pond water?
what do women want?
Who is kunta kinte?
Why I have blue eyes?
Who loves BIG LOVE?
how do u turn a picture into .jpeg?
How did J.D. Rockefeller gain a monopoly?
should i break up with brian?
Who's racist against who?
What is PPM?
how do i keep from contracting herpes from my possible partner?
what colorless chemicals can form a color when combined?
why teachers are underpaid for their work?
what are your favorite albums to make out to?
how is sericulture done?
is there any place?
Is there any college in the US that offers scholarships to foreigners?
What are some cool songs?
how to send sms through yahoo?
Is America going to become a large San Francisco?
How do I contact 20/20 to tell a story?
Can you grow a bigger penis by using penis exersises?
How many chromosomes are in a human cell?
What does the word "Magic"  mean to you?
what is the defference between canoeing and power boating?
Who was the first recorded European in America?
Tell me what you like most about being single?
WHat is the song to  these lyrics?
Can't access the hard drive from DOS?
Blatant errors in movies?
God knows all, right?
Who is annoyed that English is no longer the only language here ?
Monitor color inverted?
Is sugar physically addictive?
How many lines make up a couplet?
what does middle finger of hand signifies?
Where can I find downloadable pictures of Marilyn Manson?
is round a shape, considering it has no sides?
what is temperature?
jonb interview?
how deos air pressure affect how far a soccer ball travels?
How is your spreadbetting going?
A/s/L?????
wheres the best airsoft gun website?
it's friday! what r u doing today?
Where are you from?
What does the term gold bricking mean?
Can anyone guess this match?
Remove PC Registary Cleaner 1.0?
problem with people?
what should i do?
College help?
what is died by aspirated?
Why do American series get cancelled?
How to tell if your boyfriend really likes you?
is bestiality a sin?
Someone please help me!?
What are some of your pet peeves?
Does he like me? I'm confused?
in your own words what is an "ice queen"?
who is microsofts ceo?
Most Exciting College Football Player That You Ever Saw Play?
Who do you think will win Survivor tonight?
Take a gander at this!?
can you tell me that how subnet works?
can some explain the 7 events of world war 2?
Why is GWB a dirty fascist?
yahoo questions! has any one ever won a prize?
What is the grapes of the wrath?
Has there been any progress in stopping the effects of global warming?
you guys, "colored" doesnt always mean black!?
Can they really demote me without warning?
Have you ever been to Mexico?
tell me abt European Colonialism?
How can I download  Chobits (anime)?
who was the first president of Islamis republic of Iran ?
A question in reference to Miguel Cotto the future WBA?
What is the definition of a "high maintenance" woman?
how to become taller?
What is the main physics theory that Newton and Einstein differ?
Which American political party is the most ethical?
Looking for some old skool tunes to download?
How can you tell if a guy likes you?
Problem in My Internet Explorer.?
Have you ****** today?
Who do you think will win world cup soccer?
web site for iranian government?
Need Your Help?!?!?!?
Should potential employer notify candidate of decision?
what are some really cute games to play at my wedding?
Christmas Songs?
Should I have given him the socks?
who loves you more your mom or your dad? why?
What is a Press?
yahoo took away my account why?
What is a skymark on a golf club?
WHY do people ask such stupid questions?
how do i make a folder  that only i can enter?
penis enlargement excercise really effect or not?
What's the most depressing song you've heard?
How many times can you fill a PCP airgun?
What is the age of Ronaldinho?
is this a good trade?
What product would you invent that would make your life easier?
how will you know if thte guy likes you?
Will human brain sleep or take rest?
How Do I make the words on the page smaller?
Does anyone know any good sites for statistics on prayer?
Who is the first Super Bowl MVP from a losing team ?
Where can I find images of cartoon crickets?
what is a literacy coordinator?
Wallets on the street?
how many people believe in Love at first site ?
what does ganglebrit mean?
Is there anything like ghosts?
What is your favorite Movie QUOTE?
Am I the only one who hates getting old?
what do you call a guy with small balls?
where is the norweigen embassy / consulat in turkey?
Why do girls hate bugs?
How long can America continue to pay high engery prices?
In Cystic fibrosis what chromosome is affected?
code in a box?
How many months of darkness is there in the South Pole?
What ideas do you have to get this out??
What is your wish?
What is the nation's number one selling newspaper?
How metal Obtained?
what's your opinion?
Who's the one guy in The Aristocrats?
qui gagneras la coupe du monde?
child support case - change to custody?
How do i overcome my fantasy of always thinking of sex?
why is school so hard?
Will taking the ACT affect your chances in a good university?
who is a jazz musician named chico?
how do i get an expired tag ticket reduced or eliminated?
why are hyenas so adorable and cute!?
how do i know when my friends ae lying to me?
Question on Graphing Calculators?
does any one know were to buy salt peter?
Math Q for penny stocks, please?
Why do the Cubs suck?
no good Immigrants?
what makes you snore?
buffalo hump what the?
tsnuami sharks?
How id everyone oblivious to how stupid American Idol is?
cross the ocean in a yacht?
Winter Crime Riddle?
need help from good skaters...?
Roman Numerals What is XL?
What is lake-effect snow?
dream interpretation?
Girls only, please!!?
what is the controversy over abortion?
Do people with multiple personalities also have multiple orgasms?
How to map a new drive to C: in windows?
A good book?
Household Budget?
What is the best return you gained on an investment?
What is the difference between a complementary and supplementary angle?
please tell me some advantages and dis advantages abut doctors?
Why is it socially unacceptable to drive next to someone?
Cubs fans out there?
What is your favorite song from Marilyn Manson?
what is the kind of bird that doesn't lay eggs?
about blood transfusion and dna traces ?
Confused! Please Help!?
what are the symptoms of low testosterone?
Whats the name of that song...?
tell me wut u think,,,?
Anyone please help me!?
is 13 2 young 2 fall in love?
Do you know much about Vegetarianizm?
what do you think of the USA?
Why do ex husbands have to be so annoying??
are u for or against capital punishment??
what happened to global cooling in the 70s & 80s?
How many members did the largest joint family have?
Would it be possible to create a human space capsule?
how to increase vocabulary with a software?
Helping someone with adhd and odd?
What are some good ice breakers when meeting a girl?
Startup problems on my computer...?
is stepford a real place?
can I see the structure of fish genume?
explain HKey registration?
Can someone describe the pleasure of smoking and drinking?
What is human development index?
can someone help me interepret these aphorisms ?
Is US desperate for a WOMAN president?
Has a President ever sent his adult child to war?
what materials do endocrinologists use?
what would rotc help with attitude.?
2 sand crumbs in the desert?
does anyone have a topic for an expert speech?
Which glacier was the ice man found on?
intalling problems!! plz help ty?
what did the cambodians invent?
can i get some advice? please read....?
In love with my best friend. What should I do??
What tv shows were on in the 60s?
Would you go on MTV's Real World?
any one out there speak dutch?
what is the real name of the actor mr.t?
revised: third party merchant company?
Do animals laugh? If they do, how can I know?
Any moms out there, from Oklahoma?
Manufacturers of rocuronium bromide?
What is the name of the company with Z finger technique drugs?
What does "chicken-head" mean?
I want a site about Ellen Raskin.?
what is t and d?
Someone out someone.?
tell me some stocks that have ten dollars per share dividends?
What is x when 4x+2=10?
Can State Farm legally defraud customers?
Where does the word "codpiece" come from?
future directions in global business?
Which are the best  horse back riding boots for children?
pros and cons about mandatory student drug testing?
any investment firms hiring entry level finanical analyst?
what football awards has kanu of west brom won?
Online dating, where and how?
please help?
over the hedge?
Is there any way to track questions that I have already answered?
whats' one good way to gain power?
How do you solve this chemistry problem?
what is this happening to me?
What should I say to Hillary?
Where on the internet can I find a good used microscope?
There's this guy and he is in love with me?
Please find web site for Veteran's Administration?
awesomely good pranks needed...?
how do i download the sims game from limewire?
Is free downloading of music from internet illegal?
Whats one thing you hate most that the opposite sex does?
What's the best country to live?
Is there standard wait time on signing up for a 401k?
Do you think humans will evolve anymore?
Windows Registry?
Is this more violent than WWE?
Who can introduce some successful and famous investors in the world?
How do I fix bike brakes?
When was Jesus Christ really born?
What should i do about this?
Where has He_Chose_ME been?
How much does a damaged laptop screen cost to replace?
what determines the height  that water rises by capillary actions?
what is the best love country song?
are there any studies for alcohol effects and blood pressure meds?
Do ants have feelings?
how do i become a soccer manager in malaysia?
does 20 cm's = 8 inch's?
What is the first thing that you notice in a girl?
Does it take more work to bike or walk uphill?
Are Hillary Clinton and George Walker Bush joined at the hip?
What is it like to be a stripper?
Is KFC chicken genetically modified and/or tortured?
What is Dianic Wicca?
How do you get water to evaporate faster?
How do you make your quesiton and frequent question?
How do I get my arms to stop sweating so much!?
shaniqua vinson pictures?
I need a diagram showing the New York Court System?
Is it too late?
How do I get in it?
how did the term "hole in the wall" originate?
Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, or Princess Ariel?
When I am going to get married?
What's with Bush?
Do you know any way to improve your voice?
What was the Massage of this Grand Mother ?
who is India's IT MINISTER?
How does zodiac sign affects the life of an Individual?
How to become a Pharmacist?
allergy meds?
why has Myspace.com not been working today?
What should I do?
What is the Adobe Flash Player?
Highest income earners in London, Ontario?
godrej consumer products address in pune?
Genital Herpes?
Can granite be radioactively dated?
best highspeed interent deal?
Does anyone know a good Brain Teaser book?
another math question...10= -x?
Why do people ask so many questions?
how can i find a girl friend in macau china?
all blacks v France?
Do you know this Baseballl Player?
did quincey ever star in murder she wrote?
who is a true friend?
Do you think that may we discover life in the universe?
How to get taller?
Anyone like Nickelback or Taking back sunday???
Calculus - Optimization Problem?
can i still get pregant with my tubes tied?
Trash Talking......?
How to get rid of depression?
whats a bank cd?
any rappers got tips 4 a young mc?
Where can I buy an Orgasmatron?
Ladies, I need your opinions a little help?
why is white gold more expensive than yellow gold?
3 TOP priorities??
How do I know that my love is real?
Black man's penis sizes?
What was the craziest way you made money?
who thinks all men enjoy prostate stimulation?
does he like me?do he has a crush on me?
How do you find someone who gets off on child porn?
Kinematics Graphs?
Does anyone know much about government grants?
Where are the natural hot springs in California?
How to deal with this friend?
what is the effect of debt consolidation on my credit score?
How do you break up with your girlfriend?
Is Gemini good friends with Scorpio?
has anybody seen satan in the flesh?
How do I become a Notary in Fl. ?
What are your views on the US?
How should  I  take it?
How big is the universe, and what is beyond it?
How do i know if a man really loves me?
What happened to Shea Seger?
Who Want's Miley's fanmail!?
What is the name of this Christian song?
requirements to become notary public in Georgia?
why am I unable to control my bow movement?
Can linear-minded beings comprehend an infinite universe?
I feel something in my Throat and my chest?
Some one please help me?
what are some good sex positions???
What do gus look for in a girl?
does anyone get this? uranus?
why did USA join first world war?
Can Any One Help Me > ??
If you were me (part deux)?
Rotton dot.com disgusses me?
Who said wetting yourself laughin?
What do you think about how Steve Hutchinson left the Seahawks?
website protection / security?
have you seen the good works of our soldiers?
Why is each line numbered on a bill?
how tall was the tallest wave?
Your dream football team ?
Needing information about this circuit?
Where is prostitution legal?
who is the greatest boxer dead or ALIVE?
What makes President Bush a great President?
I need an activity showing the negative effects of communism.?
How do I quit smoking???
What's the best way to fall in love again?
Can you help me with information on The Netherlands?
Does anyone know the skateboarding laws in Pennsylvania?
What do vegetarian worms eat?
why does the SAT matter?
can anyone tell me about telescopes.?
so many people on line, where do you all come from?
how can i reduce my sensitivity to sunlight without sunglasses?
Fess up! Confess your biggest secret.?
Is a Christian and a Catholic the same thing?
what fuel is used in jet rockets.?
Who would you choose?
MY MOM AND DAD ARE Republican?
Why do some boys have to be jerks?
What famous people are bipolar?
Cost saving Projector Screen?
its my 16th birthday soon what should i do?
Can somebody explain the scoring in football?
how can i know when someone checks my yahoo profile ?
how to find emails in 2 miles area?
How to partition HDD?
Any natural remedies for headaches and dizziness?
the car fuel from what mixture does it consist?
Whats the most fun u had by yourself?
what bars can i eat to gain weight?
How do I find comission Only salespeople?
what is the best available high school baseball bat for sale ?
is getting a masters degree worth it?
what government positions can the president fill as political spoils?
Can the Suns still win?
Are there any natural remedies for stomach flue?
why do we alays screw up when it comes to love?
How much can I contribute to my I R A in 2005?
what is the purpose of the two political parties?
Can anyone help me with my story?
When will you be seeing lightning bugs?
Which are the most highest paid jobs on Britain??
Do I have carpal tunnel sydrome?
Whats the best way to get a free disabled car?
can i see a nigeria single.?
How to read a green?
how do you improve on your vocabulary?
where i find night clubs for singles in new york city ?
If the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
Hey skipper why do you push god onto everyone?
What is a good forum game?
would you date a fat girl?
What do you ladies really want to hear from us guys anyway?
What bones is the most common for stress fracture in foot?
why was galileo jailed?
Am I Being Unresonable?
how do i rent to section 8 tenants?
How many people live on Earth?
How are people best influenced through television advertising? When?
variance of Maxwell Boltzmann energy distribution?
Black Men!?
how do i write thesis paper?
poor credit+tummy tuck?
Ghana:the Brazil of African football?
how can i put flesh in my hip and thighs?
I don't understand my wireless router.?
Can wisdom and compassion exist in politics?
Why do people count sheep when trying to sleep?
Do you have OCD and how do you cope with it?
why do i feel this way?
fujing.com in english?
streetball moves?
Guys, would you take such kind of jokes seriously?
What is California's capital?
i can not open this site from my laptop??
tell me all about seamester?
what are 7 forms of matter?
what is the statue of limitation in colorado?
here's another joke...?
Who ever had a past life experience?dreams ,meditation sessions?
kindly tell me the history of fifa?
do you beleive in dragons?
write for or against that practise makes perferts?
why does one cry?
can i get a date with a smart woman?
should I do MCSE or CCNA?
how can you discover in which sport you have a talent in?
Total language group in the world?
who won on flavor fla? Hoops or New York?
403B vs ROTH IRA?
What was the best football movie ever made?
Mother's maiden name: Toussaint?
How to play Oblivion video game?
what is most difficult thing in the world?
How are the independent and dependent variables related?
Case studies on indian companies on performance appraisal?
Question about Sri Lanka's political situation.?
Oracle 10g?
Does physical therapy actually help knee pain?
Gays and Women, do you feel like second class citizens?
why do people ask you do u want to play doctor?
The presidents speech?.....?
What is the value?
science challenge(2006)?
Can someone tell me good things about George Buya Bushy?
what is the chemical formula for beeswax?
IRS Jobs..?
What are Bonds?
Fiji people?
should I go to college for agriculture?
who is a good teacher?
How to convert powerpoint slides  into PDF format?
Why does God allow this to happen?
what is import and how do you use this feature?
what will you do if  your president had a sex change.?
just for the bi polar out there what is your sign?
Where can I download movies from the internet for free?
can u recieve text message on line?
Which is the most popular computer operating system in the world?
Why do people find my nakedness confronting?
Who plays Sabrina the Teenage Witch?
what's the best way to shut up a conservative?
Do any of you know who Zarathushtra is?
Weird Male Behavior?
Windows XP desktop shows folder options?
why do all of my homes electric clocks run fast?
beyonce,shakira,or cassie?
Fill in the blank?
MySpace Question?
How many points did dwayne wade score last night?
Which came first? The egg or the chicken?
How many organs are in the human body?
What is your Birthstone?
what rock songs?
address of medals earned in world war two?
Who Actually Rules The World?
what are hardware and software?
She thinks shes ugly?
Does anybody have any info on the following bands:?
what did FDRdo in world war 2?
Can China beat us in a war?
some easy songs for the beginner guitarist?
what are the top ten earthquakes of the past 200 years?
when will the pensioners heating allowance be paid out.?
Who is to justify what is right and what is wrong?
How do you convert H2O into HHO?
Why do men have nipples?
little dilemma please help?
Has anyone taken a Chemistry Final Exam? Is it hard?
when was daylight savings introduced in nsw?
Ladies..Got a Question for you??
was going to war in iraq a democratic decision ?
what are some good websites for red giant stars?
Does chocolate really help you when you're on your period?
i need serious help with this project!?
Where can i find Hi resolution Soccer images for free?
where would i find wood work lesson plans?
What are dreames?
can u help me with scanner?
how can i delete what i searched?
Are college science labs difficult or just time-consuming?
do u think that fat or plump women look cute?
r ghost real????
What is entertaining to you?
How many goals will England put past Trinidad?
How do you deal with being raped?
How was nitrogen discovered?
guys place ?
solutions to exercises for Java How to program, 6 edition?
What is a lesson that we should learn from history?
Men! How much has your penis size affected your life?
i need help with a school project?
Lose weight? Help?
wot is female ejaculation?
Why do you feel like crap after waking up from a nap?
what do tape worms do in a humans body?
What am I  ?
Looking for employment oppurtunities in die cast manufacturing??
Have you seen a northwestern pacific tree octopus?
a question for u all....?
Why True Christians Do Not Use the Cross in Worship?
Logarithms??????
How many times has peru been to the world cup?
What is atmospheric pressure in Metric?
what does gay mean?
what happened to sharon?
Is the Dutch banning of the burqa good or bad?
Who was the sexiest U.S. president?
What would you do if the Dubya started a draft?
Whats the new akon song called?
Breakfast Club...?
where to learn Korean language on-line with audio?
what is the MPLS in cisco router ?
How hot is a mortar when it hits the ground?
Which is better, USC or Texas?
How Can I LIVE WITH IT!!!?
please answer this question because i am so confused right now.?
Rocktron Banshee Talk Box?
Does anyone here believe in Voodoo?
i need a sample day care center business plan?
is wretling in wwe real ?
Time screensavers?
how do you send  emails to people?
What does everyone think about Interracial Relationships??
what do you think about iran 's leader?
Why does fwb breakup hurt so much?
what teams will play in@2006 World Cup ?
The Ring I&II, scary or stupid?
Im so bored?
Has anyone seen the same ghost at the same place many times?
What do  you think  of  Woo Suk Hwang?
How should i behave with my ex bf?
How can I get a bf????
list ten items that can be arranged decoratively.?
can you boot the system using a memory stick?
Why wasn't Jesus given a proper burial?
eaxamples of achievement test?
what is the exact area of earth?
why does bin laden hate the U.S.A.?
how much novacaine is too much?
Why is there such a competition between sports??
what is upper respiatory infection?
What song are these lyrics from?
Is Islam a violent religion?
I am 14 and every single one of my joints are bad?
what can be the cause of low magnesium in the blood?
where can I go on a bigfoot hunt in California?
what was Thurgood Marshall?
I need Indiana Partial Resident  for 2005 tax forms and instructions?
how to shag?
Does anyone know about Xhtml ??
i have a hard time sleeping, any ideas?
Why haven't we impeached Bush?
What is the best city for jazz in the US?
how to get muscular and ripped/cut?
Which is your favorite?
If you had to choose???
Did you know...?
Why are some blankets in yoga Mexican?
Viva Mexico!?!?
Are woman afraid of me ? and why?
In arabic how would you say the number 2006?
How do you know when you are in love?
How to go about becoming a male stripper or escort?
what should I do?
Where can I learn more about Physics?
What is a nice band name??
how do I get the sound back on my computer?
how can taste acrid?
Why did the US Republican & Democratic Parties switch party colors?
How do I create a static IP address?
last night on NCIS?
this is a girl question?
Did Naruto become a Chunnin?
which is the best java IDE?
how do i control pain during menstruation?
central financial credits telephone number? Anyone?
why does my right testicle ache?
What forms the basis of evolution - Mutation or Natural Selection?
best diet for athletic body?
How do you get a roach out of your ear?
insurance market research?
Don't you hate Kagome? Why?
Why are we in this war?
Can you find Iraq on a map?
Do you like the chris rock show?
when was the marines first battle and where at ?
what does washington meens?
Who is the best rapper?
What is the best web site to do mutual fund research?
Do you love Perez Hilton?
Why is there so much controversy over youth in Asia?
what executive departments were set up by the congress in 1789?
Does anyone have a myspace?
how can i annoy an abusive business associate?
Where can I find detailed information on how to write an essay?
Is the Big Bang  theory considered Pseudoscience?
When was jennifer Emerson born?
What are the Maldives like and what language do they speak?
how do you adjust the r.d. cable tension?
Anyone from The First Academy?
how can i get a new career thats not security?
Chemistry questions...can you help me?
answering a question on here?
How much time do you need to plan wedding?
help please!?
The answer is 42.?
Can United Nations change the political crisis and bring democracy to Burma?
what is the sues canal length?
What is the forcast for GDP in the next 18 months?
Help me please?
i need email id's of top brands?
how do u define a demanding girlfriend?
How can I find a female friend in Hyderabad, India?
Coffee Good or Bad?
what would happen if they throw a nuclear bomb in America?
Where is Monrovia located?
Is there place in Chennai ,where  I can learn swimming?
please what is physical domain?
Who is Carl Rove?
Do they pay you to donate sperm? How Much?
can you get emergency contraception at drug stores?
is it love or obsetion?
Girls, long hair or short hair?
native german speakers, help pleaase!!?
Which playboy playmate is your favorite past or present?
What is an approach for improving organisational performance?
which of the following options  is right?  why?
What color of strings did bush's daddy pull?
what is the policy and procedure for surgical patient?
Does anybody else think vampires are hot?
how much money does a home loan officer make?
Is eeyore a male or a female?
why is british immigration crap?
Can anyone tell me about the new discrimination laws?
Might and Magic VII help.?
Do women mind if men where feminine undergarments?
Guys how do u chose ur girl?
Do you find some Americans to be just as scary as terrorists?
How should this verse from the Koran be understood?
What does this mean?
who can tell me the most info on david usher?
will chris and i be together for a while?
what is automatically reported by your browser?
How many perfect squares are between 200 and 2000?
What or who is a true siren?
How far above sea level is Omaha, NE?
male only?
Small buissness grants.?
is it legal to take a handgun to another country?
Common language?
Why were the English colonies settled?
which country is this ?
Could you please give me some thesis proposals on finance;?
if u had a superpower wat would it be??
help me make a cheer!?
How old must one be to get a job in Montana?
Why are teenagers so fake?
What % of human are vertrbrates.?
how can i save money in a small salary?
What are religious worship chants?
Why does the sky appear blue?
I feel like me and my best friend are drifting apart?
What do you think about moles (animals)?
is this a new generation....?
How much should we charge for rent?
its raining?
what song is this?
How did Joe Satriani Get so good at Guitar?
Where can I get help filing my federal tax return for free?
Why do Indians dress up formal all the time?
does he still have feelings for me?!?
have you ever heard about the green plan?
what is the best valantine gift for my wife,?
Can fish get a tan?
i need help with my resume?
What is your best "out" in 301?
Do you love your job? Why, or why not?
inetinfo.exe application error, why ?
How many miles is the earth's circumference?
Yankees????
where on the web are the best virus free wallpapers?
Any MALES who have a visible6 or 8 pack?
how should i go about making new friends?
How does one become a "Yahoo Answer God"?
why can't we are able to control our anger immediately?
i want to seduce a hot Parish Father?
What makes the human heart make the thump sound?
do you like football?
Do you know the creed?
compare and contrast racing and drifting?
what is mitochondrial encephalomyopathy?
What does "most skeletal muscles work in opposing pairs" mean?
where will i find some samples of speeches in text form?
what is wet farming?
Does Letterman really wear a "rug?"?
to american military?
How many different division of pregnancy are there?
What is the captaincy record of Tendulkar ?
46.2 grams of oxygen is how many moles?
need a screen name!!?
what does results mean?
what are some good country songs?
Will Marcus Vick be drafted?
Do you think the Mexican President is bringing soldiers to this country?
ATHEISTS of the world unite?
A Kissing Question?
where can you go bungee jumping at in Ohio?
how much is a quter worth?
Where are You and what time is it there now?
architectural informations about bus terminals?
Order of sublevels?
Can you check my sentence if it makes sense?
Can a guy ski on skis labeled as womans?
WWE Vengeance 2006?
Why is there snow above the clouds on a mountain ?
What will happen if everyday is Valentine Day???
what is the latest on albert pujols?
What was the best episode of "Home Improvement"?
How many apples or tea bags have you given your teacher?
Graphics upgrade? HP pavilion DV-4000 notebook?
Why people vote for Bush ?
How old before getting married?
What is the biggest water animal?
wat acid does the stomach secrete?
What are the specifications of BS 1010?
Isn't Christianity a bit silly?
What are the differences between veins and nerves ?
Can someone please translate this Urdu into english?
Trig help please =)?
What would u do if u were Presedent?
material composition for the manufacture of silica oxide abrasive?
Fantasy Football (Need Backup QB)?
Tummy Tuck??
Learning another language!?
can any one tell me what is wrong?
Girls only!!!!!!!!?
To girls: Do men who hate marijuana turn you off?
Question for MEN ONLY**?
how long is the normal maternity leave?
How many miles is it to mars?
how big are Beyonce's hips?
what is MS-DOS?
i want to send Email to many people please help me?
What is synchrotron radiation?
Last wish?
what do u consider to be he most terrible pain ???
Best Friends really are enimies?
was Muhammad a prophet or not?
how can i gain weight??
how can i quit smoking?
How did god get created?
Are little tattoos on the back of the neck attractive?
free calling for arab countries ?
do i love him?does he love me?
Guys what do you think about fat girls?
is there a website to report your spouses infidelity?
what is math?
what is meant by molecular homology?
Where to get a good immigration lawyer in Las Vegas?
Which six US president are found on US coins?
Would u rather lose ur job then gain 75 pds?
How do I access free online textbooks to get information?
is iran gonna start WW 3?
is janet napolitano gay?
How can you tell if a guy loves you or not?
Has anyone done their maths sat recently?
what do you think of people who fear fur coats?
are you going to show the soccer world cup by internet?
Anyone know of a good lesbian club?
What is the symbol for skew lines?
Perfect Valentione's Day Present??
why is rainbow in that shape but not a straight line?
What do you do during art therapy?
What is assimilation?
What are the advantages of Market Makers?
Favorite person on Family Matters?????
what is democracy?
what should i do????
where is the habitat of the soft shell clam?
When walking, how many steps equal 1 mile?
is there GOD?
How do I get a boyfriend?
how should i can to download movies from inter net without paying?
are you a straight, gay or les?
how is an opaque object different from a translucent object?
How can I get Emancipated?
create verifying image in php for submit form, How?
How do you make personalized water bottle labels?
what would a great name for a pioneer themed cookbook be?
What Would You Do??
.9 repeated=1?
how do you get in the UFC?
where can i get Chris Daughtry CD?
I think i have a sex problem?
is there anything called love at first sight or just a lust?
Christians only please...?
what are the risks/dangers of chiropractic treatments?
r u single?
what is grosser than gross?
does any want like mexicans?
What do you think about nipple piercing on a girl?
How to say 'love is all around' in French?
Can you get warts on your vocal chords?
what are kim dae jungs 3 favorite items?
who was the person who named science as science?
Will I ever control my desires?
Inter -racial relationships!?
Marine Checks?
He is killing my heart...!!?
Global flower trade information?
does any1 kno any sites 2 unblock other sites?
Insane Love?
going off Lexapro...?
what exactly is schizophrenia?
what is the purpose and nature of Constitution?
who can do wedsite for cheap?
where can i find a free foreign English teacher?
What i can do to break up?
Is the zoo a good place to go hunting?
Help I think I lost my best friend?
what is a color of sex?
favorite grunge bands?
are they giggly haters?
Where can I find the current "Made in USA" logo?
Need Advice?
Seperate Peace agin?
INTERNET promblem please help?
Why are guys interested in their opposites?
Information about medical residency?
what are grey patches on moon what we see from earth?
Why does Mexico do so bad at the World Cups?
what is the most commonly watch cartoon show in 2005?
where i can find transelate to arabic?
Where did the term 'toehead' come from?
what song has a verse that goes like this?
My wife is mean...?
what date does the irs begin issuing refunds?
How's this for an immigtration policy.?
what do you think about this idea?
Music games for preschoolers that are NOT traditional?
why do africans have dark skin?
What is the funniest thing thats happened to you?
Is Ciara and Bow wow engaged?
what is the relevance of socail psychology.?
i need infomation on a historic scientist?
I am in desperate need of advice regarding my adult daughter?
How do I thank someone for the help given?
why bad things happen to gud people?
Is calling your employees fiance a loser bad form?
What was the most funniest thing that happened to you?
Q 4 everyone?
How bad is smoking if you have high blood pressure?
could someone please help me with a math problem?
What are the chemical compounds present in painkillers?
what do you think about the Romanian team , Steaua?
Finding a website that shows what happened at a car accident?
What exactly is The Red Hat Society about?
What is the order of degrees as you go up the ladder?
any girl in bombay wants a footslave?
please help, poety analysis?
who thinks i'm sexy?
Is it true you can get higher without drugs than with them?
Who was voted out of x factor? i missed it?
What is the best online brokerage company and why?
which of the following insurance is based on a principle called?
Left, Right, Up, or Down in Space?
Optical vs RCA inputs for surround sound?
Your thought on....?
body image....?
how to maintain work ethics and values?
im sorryfor my last question?
is Jesus the Son of God?
when will Shaun Alexander return?
How do you get over someone?
should I buy sirius stock?
thanx i was only wondering bcuz?
I'm gonna snap?
Where did sexism originate from?
Are you wacthing the world cup?
answer the situation below?
examples of language discourse?
Weight using induction?
Laserjet Toner?
Animal killing?
any other americans that support brazil?
Why we do not feel our own snoring?
will the person i like ever love me?
Working at 14.....?
Tongue Kissing?
Can't stop thinking about him!  Why?
i want to lose weight safely but quickly can anyone help?
Is there a US dial-in number for Yahoo Internet Service?
Why has developing a vaccine against HIV been so challenging?
Do fish fart ???
do men  wear women's skirt?
this may sound silly but when is father's day?
I've been thinking alot about dateing a women?
who was born in 1960?
how war produce bad effect?
What is a good place to go to on a third date?
how did the civil rights monment start?
why cant we stop war?        is it in our blood?
Why are the totals in my pivot table incorrect?
whats the best way to loose weight around the midsection?
how do i stop the pain  in my back (lower)?
go a computer question?
cashew nuts--useful for weight loss? why?
how does formaldehyde act as preservative?
What are the common superstitious beliefs and practices?
where can i find a good talent agent in michigan?
Why Usa went to war on irak?
what should I get my brother for his birthday?
who thinks drake bell's fit?
what is Duke's (North Carolina) schedule?
what song is this?
What's a "biodegradable plastic?"?
consecuences of drinking wine while you're pregnant?
Can you die from DNC surgery?
Is a mans size relative to his shoe size?
Slowing Down a Train?
what is highest score of sachin tendulkar in ODI?
HELP! :o "error loading operating system"?
we have only been together a few weeks?!?
What is that science chart called?
what do think about...?
Colors of stars.?
Do you find brides at pricey weddings terribly annoying?
on which website can i view tenth class results?
wud b better if girls answered dis question?
How far is it to the moon?
Is there a certain food?
do skunks hibernate and if so when?
Can anyone name flowers that can be made into colour???
Which is the best mouse for Counter-Strike?
Do you know us ?
Teen boys come here please!!?
What Education Do you Need To be a Real Estate Agent?
what wire is use to light up a light bulb?
Letter to the editor.?
do you like ice age 2?
Can you be Hindu if you are not born into it?
What turns you on?
Can you vote on a business name for a staffing company?
can i watch wwe on my computer?
How is blood flow is maintained in veins and arteries?
what u think about this?
Wind energy?
What is the name of the 24 President of the United States?
why we cannot make a hole in the earth?
Is it true that lightning never strikes the same place twice?
ok, my best friend stole my date...?
definition of square roots?
why dont guys....?
what is the thing that most essential in our family life?
Is this right on the nose or what?
What just happened in the season finaly of House?
what is locatio conductio?
What would be the most grusome way to die?
What does the phrase "my two cents" mean?
Are Ciara and Bow Wow still together?
What's the point of asking pointless questions?
Why are Christian's for Illegal immigration when?
register for organ donation?
Who is an Astro fan?
Why won't America sign the kyoto agreement?
how to make a sale?
What tattoos do you have? What do they mean to you?
name the conditions that may cause a potassium deficit?
Kid football. Help please?
red poppies/white poppies?
Ineed info on |Transfer of residence to India?
answer this please.?
how can i subtract 3 and 1 31/72?
what is john mayer's birthday?
reflections on the main finction of education on curriculum development?
Can a repo man pose as a police officer?
What were the peace terms of WWI?
Is there water in pluto?
Why "cold fusion" is  so desirable to a achieve?
what are the fuctions of a thorax?
download update?
how can i find a free online tutoring?
discrimination essay? help!!?
what is the difference between a 1st and 3rd world country?
Do You Believe In God .I Do?
Homework help on momentum plz?
Where did you park when the carpark is full?
what are the advantages of sealing of shops in delhi?
What is a chicken's parturition?
Who thinks that Michael Vick got off easy?
What the best site for wholesale?
looking for an article?
will my hp pavilion 6730 support windows xp home?
can i make everybody happy?
is anyone specialized in foc (child support) issues?
How dumb do I seem?
what does it mean if a boy?
what was first chicken or the egg?
What can I do with a degree in Sociology?
How are you going to identify ADAM in heaven?
Will Brock Lesner ever come back to WWE?
What team will draft Brady Quinn?
for all metal head?
which anti_virus is the best?
do squirrels hibernate?
Why do I have such a yuck mouth?
What was the first daytime talk show ever?
Can the hearing impaired play in the MLB?
what was the muzzle velocity of oswald's bullet?
Tongue ulcers????
is human species gonna be extict after million years?
thoughts on Dan browns the da vinci code?
Is time a force of Nature of Man Made?
which country is devoloping fastest in the world nowadays?
music genres?
How to capture PC video output?
can anyone tell me what the DRDOS command is?
Can someone explain about Ebay and Paypal Please?
what does the name Farcas mean?
Any fellowships in Savannah involved with IHOP?
what is anime?
What are the Pick Three Numbers for tonight? Please!!?
When is ur birthday?
What do u think is more sexy?
what does Technicolor  mean?
who loves axl rose? i do and who else?
Why do the Republicans want Kerry to apologize?
where is huron university situated.(UK)?
What do you guys think of TAIWAN?
People think Im a snob?
Why do people amputate dogs tail?
Who played Amanda on the tv show "Becker"?
What legal actions can be taken against wrongful termination in Texas?
What is nanotechnology?
Magic eye pictures?
Why does the American government owe its citizens cheap fuel prices?
What is your honest opinion of Judaism?
Ideas for a solo Thanksgiving?
Depressed people, Please tell me how you got better!?
More harm than good?
help please!!?
Who will be the final four at the would cup?
What ever happen to Brock Lesnar from the WWE?
who designed theweddingcrashers.com?
Anyone on adderall expirence these side effects?
What African countries qualified for 2006 World Cup?
the coutry with the longest coastline in the world is?
how can I find a moving average using in Access?
Who is your favorite Ska Band?
how many catholics are in the world?
What are the three BASIC earth recources?
does sex suppose to hurt?
What is the coriolis effect?
Has the Nissan headlamps case been settled?
how to records cds with the firewall on?
How do multiple credit card payments impact credit reports?
Why Brazilians are so great in soccer?
(girls only) What do you think??
How does exercise effect your muscles?
Anyone else watch Foamy at illwillpress.com?
What are the substances needed for photosynthesis?
How can I allocate system ram to video ram?
Do you think possession of drugs should be legal in Mexico?
Got this problem with my Laptop!?
geometry question?
How did the capture of Jeruasalem affect anything??
Is H. pylori a normal flora of the stomach?
Sentences....?
Need help with this physics problem?
"Free speech" or selected free speech.?
Anyone see the Giants suck last night?
Has anybody had any luck losing weight with herbalife?
swing with tape ball?
why do we cry as soon as we come into this world?
total mechanical energy...?
any vb 6 programmers here?
who were the original habitats of Puerto Rico?
Where are the legitimate work at home jobs?
When are aly and aj's birthdays?
Do turtles think fast?
Why does God allow suffering!!!!?
wht is kinesics?
Good jobs? please help?
what is high dynamic technique in photography???
true position tolerance formula?
My stomach hurts... how can I fix it?
Has anyone tried the "Instant Abs" exerciser?
What is the best way to cheat on a test?
i need help plz?
gear ratio?
waiting yourself?
looking for good safety quotes for a factory?
More about Ezekiel?
Who do you think will win the Liberal Party leadership in Canada?
U know country without official capital????
what is computer storage memory?
How will you put it in chaste English?
most loathed classical composer and why?
I need help.....?
who are the 9 states who have banned public smoking?
Is truth and fact the same? Why or why not?
how much does walmart pay thier employees?
whats 1200 divided by six?
I was thinking about...?
Do copyrights cover face of dolls?
What are the FDI differences in Vietnam and Poland?
Who thinks everything that is bad for the environment should die?
what is your favorite movie? and favorite part?
Did any one apply for CSTE certificate???
Were can I find Coles County Illinois real estate tax prices?
what do you guys think of immigrants?
Why do people believe the following things?
Who would you get?
critical analysis of the zanti by allan poe?
What's the best way to present your religion to others?
Why do we knit?
what do you think of the name sarah?
I want to know about reentry visa to the USA.?
Where can i find really cheap vapors?
Does Anyone like the Singing Cookes.?
Does the MAN have you down?
Mathematically what is the product of 9 and 12?
how can i download the bengla band music?
How do you contact a real person at eBay?
who is the first one who fasted in the world ?
any girl out threr with tips on kissing?
which is your favourite theme music...?
should I buy a three year warranty on a new computer?
Call suspended?
How and when did George Greegan become Australian ?
How long does it take to conceive a pregnancy?
Give me what years Brazil Won the world cup title?
How do you pitch submarine in baseball.?
Help, can anyone help me?
when is fifa cup germanay to be held?
are women more sexual harassed then men?
What is a good movie to go watch?
Time to repeal those trade agreements?
where i could find my family tree?
CaryChrysler....are you around?
What do they pay the portrait studio people at target?
what car would be better to use for drifting ?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of recent inventions?
how to write a letter of guarantee or sponsorship  to the embassy ?
What do you call a snail on a ship?
will i ever fine winfred clark my father?
How do I make Quick and Easy money?
How do I get yahoo answer off my computer?
would u rather be smart or funny?
What if the atheists are right?
Message for lonely night?
what's a good natural sleep aid?
what are effect of sex in selling?
What do men really want?
what does atrology have to do with science?
What happened to Chris Thomas former Notre Dame point guard?
Is Ryan Seacrest of American Idol gay?
Virginity...?
3 Chem Questions?
anyone ever mess around with their battle buddy?
how do i find bands that need singers?
Is Chemistry just a work and study of assumptions?
Can a pregnant woman be put in jail?
what are the sites of "Green day" band?
who hit the first homerun in november?
What is Ischemic?
What is the most important personal qualities of a leader?
is this a once in a lifetime experience?
Voltage dtrop?
What does Draw Play mean at NFL Football?
what are good icebreakers?
franchising a frozen custard stand?
divide 7 by 8 using long division metheod.?
what the challeges and opportunities in nursing profesion?
Is anyone sad today?
why NEW YORKERS  call kilometers miles?
Jesus said in Matt 5?
what's planet has the biggest mountain?
Do you think your government does enough to control immigration?
what is TOPOREX 500 used for?
Edward R. Murrow and 50 years later?
tips and techs to increase stemina?
howdo look for the right partner?
where can I get a copy of the Florida child support law?
Tonsils R killing Me HELP!!?
dose anybody out there have Bipolar?
for the transgendered?
how do I stop automatic saving web addresses?
What part of illegal don't you understand?
equilibrium problem?
What is 'The spear of destiny'?
is the earth flat?
who saw the first red card in 18th world cup?
what do i need to start being a dj?
What is Side by side programming in .Net?
How did our oil get under their sand?
what should i do in my situation?
Does anyone know the name of this song??
What does delayed gratification mean?
Which of these has the most power & why???
money matters?
where does tattoos come from?
combien de vous connais R10?
Why is my brother such an imbecile?
happiness or safety???
What are the three main manufacturers of electronic voting systems?
when you see someone with......?
how can i do it?
Which scenario is  Worse?
How can polyploidy in plants benefit humans?
wath does statistical mean?
what is a melody?
How can I copyright my newspaper?
when the moon will out on karwa chauth?
what dose Improbable mean?
head coach profanity?
Does anyone know the bible verses that mention marriage?
who will win the world cup and who will come in 2nd?
Chimbonda??
Beckam the poster boy?
Quizes anyone?
Can you read mangas on mangareview.com?
How do I become a more sociable person?
Changing period??
Who has a best chance of hearing God?
Where is headquaters for USAF/CONOPS?
what charities are in westchester, ny?
do boys take us seriously??????
Where can I find info about medieval craftsman?
Somebody can teach me how to insert picture at startup?
Why Do Women Sell Sex???
My Space questions?
How do I add a Yahoo search engine box to my website?
which are the top 5 visited web sites ?
Can I change players a week ahead in Fantasy Basketball for Yahoo?
Grade Point Average?
Are you lonesome tonight?
i m thinking about buying a telelescope.?
how much distance is there in a light- year?
How do I meet MtF Transgendered people?
What is a clinical toxicologist ?
is the state boards for massage therapy hard?
If Jesus was God....?
How do you get fat off of your thighs?
can i ever have a twin sister my age?
Do you like the Stone Roses?
Italians...do it better?Why girls?
Is George Bush male? I am not kidding.?
Please give me websites to learn German language for beginners?
Anyone have their Cosmo mag. with them right now?
Why don't we sneeze during sleep?
Cologne for men - recommendations?
Who was the 1st British concorde test pilot?
bible study?
Nothing to do??
NCIS or CSI?
please help?
What is the best Super Soaker?
Should I go to the End of the year dance?
what is the difference between a pressure and a force?
Who discovered the disease, Hemophilia?
Did Jade finish the Marathon?
Whoa was the firey Radical Republican from Pennsylvania?
Should spirituality & religion be 2 separate topics!?
Wentworth?
Wireless printer question.?
who has been to korea because of the army?
What do I do?
How can you defend your self against nunchaku?
diet affecting hair?
How do pigs protect themselves from predators?
I am being to much or what?
How do i prepare for screaming in a band?
What would make our politicians honest in thier work?
Is any one here from India ?
What is the abbreviation for Caucasian?
who was the best guitarist known in rock history?
How can you tell if a guy is interested in you?
What are cures for pink eye?
how to delete writer protected file?
Could you kindly tell me what is exact population in each continent?
how to earn money online easy?
rudimentary?
whats worse than a dead dog on your piano?
Why should he care?
what do u do if a girl dumpes u?
sexy pictures of julia clarete?
Why do people always answer two points?
Why does nike make such ugly boots?
where is ajanta theatre?
how long does bankrupcy affect your credit?
Who think she should stay?
What is with those old Chinese guys with one long fingernail?
Adjkfjdkgjdkfgjfkdgjfkgjfkgjftgiitiigjfgkfkgjjdgdkgjdjgridfgjfiirtgjfkgjirjgfjgkfjgjfjkgjfkgjfkgjfkgjkfjgfkgjk
Can heart disease be reversed or cured?
location of California juvenile halls?
importance of feedback in business communication?
What are short-change artists?
Someone stole my bike post and seat, are they universal?
why the men's like woman's?
do you think that braille is facinating?
Dont you feel silly?
what are your strengths?
who is the cutest girl of the world?
Why Australia needs a constitution?
What is a good website to play free online games?
Why does the England team have the UK national anthem?
zor chalta nahi kya karu?
i have a boyfriend problems.?
what is the popular gift to a man?
How can I show that I want a boyfriend?
math question?
Who are/ were the Ekronites?
Has anyone ever had Quincy?
What are the top 10 exports in America?
Why is worry like a rocking chair ?
Have you heard this story?
What should I do?? Help?
What time zone is Detroit Mi.?
How many ships were left after the attack on Pearl Harbour?
why do surfers dont wear underwear?
how many of you are afraid of what tomorrow brings?
whats the difference between kernel and shell?
what are the pros and cons of the NWO?
what is sooooo bad about water pollution?
What are the two hardware passwords used for?
What is the most fating fruit or vegetable?
Eggnog? Who came up with that idea?
what teams were in the premiership before 2000?
how do i resize the contentplaceholder?
Do you accept cheques?
what kind of hairstyle is the 1970s style?
in boxing what the lightest weight class there is?
who won 1978 world soccer cop?
How much was my SSS contribution as of today?
read dawn rlly happen?`?
open heart centres in delhi?
why am i so hurt?
headaches???
what is a SLA?
Ever wonder about the truth in what you believe in?
is oxygen flammable?
What Happened to......?
Anyone who can teach me to speak Japanise?
what is a facilitator?
Why does every women from 8-68 want to look 18?
who thinks Torrado sucks?
should i use ebay or yahoo auctions?
What is the ACT out of?
Can you describe Bush in one word ?
how do i cork an aluminum bat?
why do my friends always leave me out?
Expenditure on defence is viable or not?
why i think is my turn y my confident say is time?
whats genocide?
what is swtchgear?
how do I register my copy of windows xp home edition?
how many stars where on the first usa flag?
how do people train seeing-eye monkeys?
Does it look like dallas is getting played or what?
Do you think that there should be regulations againist the internet?
Is it the same?
do you think the USA will win World Cup?
Am I liable for errant golf shots?
meaning synergic?
What is your favorite bible verse and why?
Does anyone out  there like History?
how to prepare the room for a romantic night?
whoam I? who am I?
is it okay to ask my new boyfriend for money?
Which part of Singapore do u think live is best??
where can i find wally tabor movies of 1970s?
What's wrong with immigration???????
name the goemetry of positive curvature?
Anyone have any TRUE experiences with vampires?
Life After Death?
movie question!!!?
does ayone have a nintendog???
Anybody know a natural way to decrease anger?
what is solarwind?
how do you become a movie star?
How do you make bad choices?
What is the best way to treat blisters?
homeside insurance co?
how do you calculate amps using kvar?
What are the fundamentals of Macroeconomics?
Do you believe that some one can put a curse on you?
What is RNAse P and what does it do in general?
How can you caululate your BMR?
who's smarter my avatar or George Bush?
Do you think God wanted us to smoke weed?
Is anybody a military wife?
Is Michael Jackson to hot for you guys?
Will you translate this message to Spanish please?
what is a meucci ss15 pool stick worth?
What is Lytic Cycle?
How many exemptions can I have on my W-4?
What does it mean in English?
how can i satisfy my husband sexually?
what is 6% of $375000?
i need to find lailani leano information.?
What is the question that cannot be answered?
is it possible to be a open minded conservative?
What is the relationship between e and pi?
Do you always experience joy in the presence of the Lord?
windows xp service pack 2?
Who is the best football player in the league?
How can I get rid of hiccups?
Panjabi MC - a few questions!?
what can i do if my girlfriend is making me hurt?
Renewing our vows...?
where can I find rankings for private graduate business schools?
What are your Faveorite Songs?
Where can I find a scientist who will make my perfect man?
whats your safe word?
why does hair growth grow everywhere except on my head?
Irregular period?
Ever heard of a hispanic terrorist?
Is it harmful to take two Exedrin everyday?
define chalcone?
what is the growth rate of corporate sector?
How loud are starter pistols at track meets?
Mets or Yankees.  Who will have the better record in 2006?
Do you know any skill about control of a classroom?
social security number is how many?
where are websiteson tyler perry ?
why economics laws are not so accurate as compared to other sciences?
How many pyramids are there in Egypt?
How can I marry a footballer?
Which is faster? The  speed of sound or light?
How do I sell my stuff online without a credit card?
Stopped taking Zoloft couple months ago.?
Does Saddam Hussein REALLY deserve  to be executed?
where is the ladies?
what is the fullform of YAHOO?
Free Web Hosting?
how to fix eyeglasses?
Why do people say that Liberals want to destroy America?
Can you change your IP Address?
which soccer league is rated number one in the world?
Is it ok to leave your computer on all the time?
What is the average salary for a truck driver?
who invented the skip?
is the moon the only object that has phases?
what do they do to you for an aids test?
how to hang skateboard decks on your wall?
Should my mom decide?.....?
leaderboard?
what are the causes of spontaneous human combsution?
What am I?
as important formula as Emc2???
Yahoo answerer?
what are composites?where they are used?
Have you ever swam with dolphins?
do you think your  fat because illigal immigration?
What is the formula for vanadium V oxide?
Why was Oscar de la Hoya hated throughout the years?
Lighter Bomb???`?
How is it racist to speak the truth?
Should we be allowed to drill in Alaska?
who is more capable  boys or girls?
how many ways to give change for a dollar?
global regulation?
Tender and sore breasts when pregnant?
can a guy love more than 1 woman at a time??
Anyone believe in voodoo?
How about Cancer ?
Why did the pilgrims want to hold a Thanksgiving feast?
Whom Darren Hayes has dated?
can an h4 visa work in the US?
We are interested to buy tin plates!?
riddle really hard!?
Does anyone believe in fortune cookies?
why does everyone likes me?
The top 10 biggest High Schools in Indiana?
Please share with me, how you guys have a successful diet?
Why do you see static colors when you close your eyes?
How do countries colour their flag? What do those colours represent?
Kerry says Bush is uneducated?
Lousy in bed ?
A Question for Western Christians from an Arab Christian..?
what movie is this from?
how i can get my price?
oM9 Kw3571on LoL?
where can i download ZoomBrowser?
I'm looking for a cheat for pogo.com?
how is brain considered an intellectual organ if so?
Change Mac Dock Icons?
Ladies, Could you take it every day...?
Opening a protected flash file.?
What is the oldest mountain rangee.?
What is your favorite color?
Rutgers championship hopes?
why has atheism had such a boost lately?
what courses can i do after doing my graduation in physics?
I wont stop sweating!?
Is it possible to loose all my Brazilian accent?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
how do u spell the Chinese alphabet?
can someone give me a word and definition of the day?
How can I get my ex back?
Please help me with this anatomy question!?
Hello, I really need some help with my anatomy homework!?
who is your favorite sf author?
how to treat vaginal bad odor?
How do you get rid of a boil?
Did you just yawn reading my yawn question?
photo Jan 24, Gonzalez?
average age of suicide for police officers?
Should I declare my love for Paris Hilton?
What should I do?
Solve the system?
Help me with this Beastie Boys song?
Is coca-cola cheering for your country?
Do pro bowl stats count toward career totals?
What is a totalitarian state?
How do you make your peom good and deep?
How do you change link color in html?
Are people in the teaching field underpaid?
can heat from a lamp explode a watch battery?
Is my nickname inappropriate?
Does anyone else like Naruto on here?
hole in one prizes?
What is the best network to meet bisexuals?
how to access my briefcase facility in yahoo?
shrink movie files?
how much do sport psychologists get paid?
What will this decade and its citizens be remembered for come 2020?
the funniest thing to happen to you?
What does Alpha and Omega mean?
Is Atheist  a religion?
would ever??
Who else is bored at work right now??
in va prisons how can you not be eligible for parole?
can you give me a home page idea ?
wh sun is not attracted towards earth since?
What do guys like about girls?
why blondes are classified as stupid??
Colts or Pats?
shes getting me confused?
invisible mode?
who is the father of marketing as we know it?
JOb at USA????????
what is fluffer?
In Text Citation MLA format?
What is the greatest thing you ever did?
who can top my yo momma jokes??
Does anyone know wher I can get free drum lesson certificates?
Please answer this!!!?
Why is Christmas celebrated?
what kind of mess will the outgoing republicans create?
Anti - Virus Question?
where is my prostate?
what would 345 buttons at $4.15 per hundred cost?
what is the meaning of PDF?
why the decline of formal letter writing?
how do i get rid of pink eye?
DSL vs. broadband?
will you please tell me all you know about owls?
do you women?
Windows xp?
Scabies is caused by itch (blank)?
IsThereOneSoul?
what are the most popular websites in the world?
what should I charge people to wrap their gifts?
how can i make money even though im 12?
What is rosicrucianism?
hardness and toughness of steel?
What are the Harms of Modified Starch?
How do i clear my browser on yahoo?
How much calorie is a high calorie?
should kids get to drink in ga?
prove that:?
inverted nipples?
how do people in taiwan say hello?
how to eliminate static from hair?
How do get over liking this girl?
snacks for meeting?
Is acrylic considered a type of plastic?
what is a catalina bass?
Do people who talk behind your back irritate you?
how do you make a torrent download fast?
Valentines poems for moms?
What is the difference between?
In downloading computer software via web is a download software needed?
What is modern technology doing about car pollution?
plz give me an explanation to this equation?
why did nelson mandela change the way democracy is used?
What if you have no friends?
How to close the open ports  in proxy server?
whats the bottle nose  dolphins width?
OMG is that a GHOST?
what are the risks in insurance brokerage business?
UC Berkeley Tips!?
Health and Safety, help!?
what is I?
how cam shaft work?
What constitutes a civil war?
"24" - last CD is MISSING!!?
What is a characteristic of a Black Gum tree?
what companies will profit from biofuel?
whats the fuuniest thing you have ever seen?
Why do 9/11 conspiracists actually bother?
How will Chelsea do in the Premierleague this season?
how can I add programs on my system tray?
why can't i sign into anything?
diseases of different specialties in medicine?
who  knows anything  about  bigfoot?
How Do I download   Avatars to my desktop?
How can I send to large group without showing their addresses?
Is there any websites that will let me type my paper?
who's that team we all Adore?
how does one begin the action of skateboarding?
what is the best way to enter a man heart?
What was/is your favorite subject in school?
How do you get a guy to call you?
what is the opportunity available for earning money at home?
what is the difference between monkeys and gorillas?
what English institute can i find in Orlando area?
according to 12th chemistry?
what is your opinion about "envy"?
What is your weakness or Achilles heel?
Did Joan Crawford ever win an Oscar?
where can i get a benedictine cross from?
(Girls) Do you like...?
Has anyone ever tried one of those chain letters?
Ship Containers--why dont they fall off?
Why do peoples eyes bug out when they fart?
Is there an expiration date on a "spiritual journey"?
what happens when two positively charded object are brought each other?
schooling for electronic aviation please help???
Why did you waste your time reading all these silly questions?
Which business school is the best to study abroad at?
paris hilton?
The most beautiful town in Tennessee is?
I have stopped smoking for two days now cold turkey.?
Mav's offspring is blessing?
why teacher union is so important to democratic?
whats the best diet?
What is a hydrated crystal? Give example please!?
What character of the Bible die twice?
plate tectonics - how many and name them.?
WHERE IS DAVID Ginola?
Spoken Accent Description ???
who has had a tummy tuck??
does anybody have Miroslav Klose's web site?
Can you be legally banned from a buffet?
What's your take on the Church of Scientology?
When was the first time you had intercourse with someone?
Grave's disease and skin surface lesions....?
A favor to ask???
qualifications for a sales person?
What are the causes for the increase in gas prices?
Is football a mans sport?
Anyone know what the typical salary for a steel detailer is?
Why does it take so long for my laptop to boot up?
I want to learn a little bit about the Big Bang?
What is the average earning of an average US citizen?
What is Aspangers Autism?
Why KaseyKeller???
What issue of Seventeen had the non-alcoholic drinks?
What does NAACP stand for?
how do i start a revenue sheet for my bakery?
What us Medieval Economy?
what is academic career? please list some?
location? Im am from Michigan?
examples of process?
why is carbon, organic compound, so versatile?
What music do 'yall like to listen to??
what factor effect the climate of ladak and sahara desert?
Why did this happen?
what are zero coupon bonds?
How much does it cost to open an art gallery?
my friend is cheating on her fiancee?
what country uses seeing-eye monkeys???
How much atm is in 720 torr?
Where are all the NHRA fans??
Thanksgiving dinner with mother-in-law??
Who are the most goal made from a mexican ?
whats your porn star name?
Can someone be a serial killer in their mind only?
Does Anyone Use MySpace?
Factories???
Is Jerry Rice Gay?
what is the difference between doctorate and a PhD?
How do I do a Spline data smoothing analysis?
explain the problem created by the over population of deers.?
How can I  find  our business partner ?
Do you think virginity can be a state of mind?
Who is going to win the NBA finals this year?
is pain in the breast an indication of breast cancer?
how can i get to know wats in her mind?
tips to grow??
How are random numbers generated?
what is the word "OK" stands for?
A very serious question about connecting with my emotions!?
What image appears beside email massages that are high priorty?
Washington Nationals ?
who sung 18 and life to go?
Does anyone besides myself know who Mitch Mustain is?
how do i know that HE LIKES ME?
will i become blind when i get old?
How come only females like watching the tv show Friends?
what significant events occurred on 7th May 2006?
Who knows who Def Leppard is?
What are people so oppose to the church of Christ?
Is the New Larry the cable guy movie any good?
What are the dangers of getting breast implants?
what are the  4 groups of marine algae?
that 8 scary movie festival what is it called?
Have you ever been so lonely.....?
do u think mariah carey is hot?
beat cure for tendonitis in the wrist what ?
Is it Possible?
Is there a sport that starts with "z?"?
are there any jobs for 13 year olds in Austin Texas?
do u like JOHN CENA?
why spider dont stick to his web?
the "alleged"victim has admitted in court?
What is the inflation rate in Canada for January 2006?
did tom delonge star in american pie?
do you like yourself???
Guys, I really want to join a fight club?
Anyone know about Patrick Dempsey?
where to get flats?
what is the heaviest substance?
what is the collective name for rabbits?
was president clinton impeached?
Bahumbug!!?
some causes and effect of contracting HIV/AIDS?
any good sights to download songs free?
why do i lose my appetite when i am under pressure?
ken ishman correctional officer  is he married?
How does the fruits and veggies fast work?
When will HBO release Season 3 of Entourage on DVD?
can i do this?
When do you start your New Year's Resolutions?
Help with wave or paricle theorys!!!?
What's happened for the Countif function in excel?
What is your opinion on US or Canadian immigrants?
Is it wrong to start liking your best friends girlfriend?
PETE BB willy?
what is english literature?
Is a werewolf / robot relationship considered bi-racial?
what is the semiarid desert climate?
can you answer my one answer questions?
What school did former President Richard Nixon go to?
Fort Huachuca & MOS 33W?
what is my aim?
Why do people yell at you for no reason?
What kind of video camera are most videos on YouTube made with?
How can i locate an email at no charge?
Could an organism be both MR and VP positive? Please explain?
what is the strongest element?
Is Atheism helping Christian thought?
does anyone know how to fix a wet tambourine?
location of grant writing courses in Detroit Michigan?
Who is cuter Lil Fizz or Raz-B?
Tell me about a company named Sarl Atoll?
what is colostrol?
What are liposomes?
How many USA fans will leave this section now?
A question for USA fans???
i am shy . can i become extrovert ?
-how does playing pool deal with science?
would tell me how much money could i spent on wedding?
fibre properties vs fabric properties?
What is betar baseboll or basketball?
What do you think are the best brand of guitar strings?
why most of adult films are asked as blue films?
FInancial Accounting - Journalizing transactions?
what is valued judgement in sociology?
Looking for a good book about the Pennsylvania amich.?
How does zero gravity effect astronauts?
Weight Question?
what is a thai massage?
PLEASE help me?
What does Kerry know about the middle class?
Any Oingo Boingo fans out there?
need new service installed in new home developement?
Ever been up 40-love?
CIS and PAYE employment question?
how to get translation order from abroad market?
what is the formula of isopropyl benzene?
plz help!!!?
does any one think iraq wants a free country?
Please five me a simple definition for "Dye rejection"?
how to a girlfriend?
What are the two systems of circulation in the body?
What's the FIRST horror movie you ever saw?
What does Pending Exchange and Pending Dealer mean?
a flower and my love(read details)?
where are the atlas mountains in africa?
how much is 5.5 million gbp?
very touchy bout me spelling?
What if the South had won the Civil War?
pink husbands name?
What am I doing wrong?
In the U.S., who owns the colleges.?
Whats worse, praying in school or being a bully?
what is the different between Advertising and sales promotion?
do anybody watch the corner on bet?
Does anyone know somebody with LUPUS that has normal life?
just leave her of keep chasing her?
understanding my SAT score?
Has anyone tried the MiracleBurn pills?
my legs hurt...?
stuck in the middle with you?..?
who loves to play volleyall?
how long..?
what is active transportation?
how to get diabetes?
who is mark ijlal?
Your most embarrassing moment ?
I need help!?
Testicle pain?
where can i get cheap 70/30 humilin insulin ?
why did the battle of Vicksburg start?
Who is David Beatty?
Any Kell Longhorns Marching Band Marchers out there?
what are weakness of India ?
TSU or UH pharmacy?
can plants hear and understand what is being spoken around them?
what does not envole maths?
Are there any people from West Virginia on here?
Is it true that Italy wins by playing dirty?
real life examples on least commn factors  in math?
are old news paper clippings worth holding on to?
Why does Everyone want the US to lose?
is weed a bad thig?
latest news on Whitney Huston?
how do you get modavated?
How can I backup a batch of photo from Flickr?
What is your pet hate?
How many fingers am I holding up?
When is a chicken Thursday?
did u accept ho u are right now? Why?
Sending a temp home if they smell?
need big advice on my bf quickly is he into me?
In how many games will the lakers beat the Suns?
what do i do if my computer keeps turning itself off?
How do the different kinds of lenses work?
Where can I find the accounting policies of Gap Inc.?
Would you have done any differently?
does anyone know where i can find potassium perchlorate?
Who would win in this WWE Diva TLC match?
question for girls?
How hard wil they look for someone  bail jumping charge.?
Mariah Carey or Shakirah?
What are the conditions that ensure that two straight lines shall meet ?
Why do other women love having sex?
dose kim jong really mean it?
What do you guys think about lack of safety in other countries?
please translate from spanish into english please?
what does esq. mean in lawyers title?
If God is one and three at a time?
where would find a sugar free sports drink?
football gear?
what is penance?
intestinal pain what should i drink?
how i can send free sms to iran?
what is the best health coverage for cancer patients?
Did Zac Efron wear braces?
how would u write Vaishali in arabic?
Only one sick at a time?
What are the purpose of the Yantras?
How do you draw a unit circle?
Advice about what I need to do with my boyfriend.?
why all clouds do not gives rain.?
Concerning the US militia?
why are atheists so argumentative?
What is the coolest definition of snow?
What is Michael Clarke's e-mail address?
Who are the US Senators elected in 2002?
whate do u think about IRAN?
what is Big Lake High School's baseball team mascot?
best anti virus for win xp?
where can i learn french language in manila,Philippines?
do women like motocross?
how do i reclaim property from police department?
which part floats on top of the asthenosphere?
what does it mean to be literate in bensonhurst?
What is Figjam the acrynym of?
How much weight can you lose by starving yourself in 1 week?
Where can i find the Illinios state constitution?
What it the best  shop Hot topic or Borders?
Your first time sex!!?
Boyfriend broke up with me?
is there any problem if both partners have lots of sex??
tools and equipment for hotel housekeeping?
how are babies made?
Do you think anorexia is hot?
Who will win this year's Kentucky Derby, and why?
ur first kiss would be?
Why do I see Satan everywhere but not God?
What is a good site to find Ham radios for sale?
kindly write one paragraph on technical training?
What is a "valid win application"?
Is it accurate to call DNA a ribbon-like structure?
how can i earn more and work less?
Which do u prefer Zorpia or Myspace?
How do you feel about animal testing?
Why only White, Black, Asian in Technology TV commercials?
how many furniture manufacturers were there in US in year 2000?
For what baseball teams did Dusty Rhodes coach?
what is the largest freshwater fish in north america?
AP Calculus test yesterday???
should dropouts be denied driver's licenses?
Help with AIM?
how fast do you move up gymnastics levels?
how to produce a spring?
to the head bangers of the 80s?
Why dont rapists get the death penality?
What is the population of the entire world ??
Can light emit sound?
Molecular Formula of gas?
Earn Money without spending your Money and Time?
what is a herbal alternative to viagra?
Calculus II question please help?
nso.gov/deathcert website?
how do i change my email address and keep the same password?
i need the diary entry of heike onnes?
What do you think of Emily?
what is corona discharge treatment?
How much should I charge?
would u date a ugly guy or fat and why?
Is masterbating a sin?
what are your thoughts on abortion? ok or not ok?
what is your least favorite holiday?
can not connect with my loptop?
Is it routine to miss a period when changing birth control pills?
Where did curling originate from?
question for myspace users?
Can putting magnets near a watch mess it up?
what are some good songs to dance to?
what do you a guy for christmas?
what is the real reason of obesity?
What part of illegal do they not understand?
Liberty or Security?
Piano/Guitar Chords?
Did Britney Spears finish high school?
who is the smartest and sexiest  footballer ever?
Is abortion leagal in the state of North Carolina?
Please help with dilemma..?
How far is it from America to Germany?
Antigua or Barbados - which island is more exclusive?
Does anyone on here like  their mother-in-law?
Have you found the love of your life? Who?
ok what if...?
i am looking to purchase the old NASL soccer ball?
What happens if every team in the NFL goes 8-8?
Fav B.E.P member and song?
What time is there?
Whats the funniest joke you ever heard?
Is the EU more of a Federation or of a Confederation?
what is the mass of a small 1 in  candle?
when am naked!!!!!!!!!?
How many of you?
What does it take to donate my hair?
what is archimedies principle?
Help Plz!!?
how  can i dial international mobile number from my landline phone?
is cars a bad movie?
If my partner says other women names in his sleep?
where and when did this SAP company established?
Could someone teach me urdu or french???
Who knows the true story of Abriham Lincoln?
Run without getting tired?
Who likes the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Do government grants really help?
Doing Business In Canada And China.?
First Amendment versus Second Amendment Rights -- who decides?
Why do prawns turns reddish when being cooked?
Why is there so little precipitation at the Antarctica?
what is politics according to Aristotle?
vote for 1 of this singers ....read inside?
Is truth absolute or relative?
Is it possible to do vector operations in polar coordinates?
How many time have the world cup played in Germany?
what is better buy a house cash or do a mortgage?
Do u eat in the bathroom?
Who likes jesse mccartneys music?
you   have  ask  me  to  tell  all?
What store can you find the best hot Jordan shoes in NY?
explain chromosomal mutation?
I need a natural cure for candida...?
is it training affect or training effect?
What type of things contribute to eye color change?
who won the first olympic gymnastics competition in 1896?
What  Anti-virus works the most effective?
who will be the first scorer in worl cup?
how do i send photos by email?
Were you physically abused at school? How?
how do u heal that buring senation when u pie?
Why can't we sneeze with our eyes open?
What is the lube?
who's going chicken hunting?
Isn't this true?
I love to sing! Are you with me?
What is a good Quotes for a imaginary college?
Is ronaldhino the best soccer player in the world ?
What are Diplock Courts?
I am infected By Cold?
when persia became Iran?
why do black people seem cursed in the world generally ?
Math quiz?
best top 5 songs of all time?
about law!! help!?
Does Islam order apostates to be killed?
What is 4-H???
will i become a dietetion in future or not?
Legal question...?
Do you have a myspace account?????
Are there any skanks on here?
How the tsunami invaded the coasts of countries around the middle east?
how to get rid form Suicidal thought?
is lung damage from prescription drug ameodsrone reverseable?
does endothil work?
Is it bad to not know how to kiss?
How do u think Ukraine will do tomorrow?
Who is a negative gay role model?
Math Help!?
what are auxins and how do they work?
Who do you think is the hottest male celebrity on TV?
How can i work out the area of a nonagon?
How do you define a succesful Internship?
I am having trouble with my microphone.?
more photos to myspace?
cures for anorexia?
Stupid questions.... find it yourself...?
so, where are you all from?
Help: Should I take part in this karate demo?
Is your mobile phone a necessity? Why?
How can I password protect my website?
How can you soothe a bad sunburn?
Who is the best team in baseball?
Do you think the british will attack Iran?
This boy I realy like.?
Am I to believe what management tells me?
Where can I find a larger than normal mouse?
What sign am I?
What will the next big change in digital storage for consumers be?
How old are you?
Gross Hematuria?
Wheres Uranus?
WHo wants a different Priesent?
what is rotating ring electrodes?
what is investment banking?
Women being hated in Islam? Does Islam hates WOMEN?
How to control anger?
What is her motive for killing her sister?
i need help really bad?
what is the lawmaking body of the us government?
seventeen essential of a leader by john maxwell?
Can you spell simultaneously two words?
Is my hard drive bad?
what is love for youngsters today?
Should assisted suicide be legal?
what would you do with liquid nitrogen?
Is Christ and Satan the same person?
Something in maryland that starts with a letter X?
If the draft gets re-instated?
Who actually makes the decisions in the USA?
What is USD$69.36 in Australian dollars?
who would win?notredame or usc?
Why did President Carter meet with the Devil of Romania?
please help i really need help?
who lead the US attack on Tokyo in WW2?
How long does it take to do a split?
How do you know when you're in love?
how to cure stomack virus?
I'm trying to hire Spongbob?
internet jobs realy they pay?
Why do people die?
Hi..Wonder if this really works?
Saudi Arabia?
What is dust?
right now, who is the oldest living president?
can you go back in time and kill yourself?
Could liberals be any more transparent about WMDs?
where can i find the top 10 employers in each state?
could someone help me with yahoo messenger?
tally update ma kaya haya?
Trade Policy for KwaZulu-Natal?
Stay Alive?
who is supposed to pay excise duty?
what are some major mountain names in china?
Does anyone play the sims? or the sims 2?
WHY all homeless people are MEN?
how do you gain weight?
landon or cameron?
How do I win this guy's love?
Is there no way to correct post-Lasik dim vision ?
South Park 1014: Stanley's Cup?
In The New Yahoo Mail Where Is The Bulk Mail?
What's your favorite sad song, movie, or book?
Does anyone read the Brio magazine?
Im 20 am i ready for sex?
Who is prettier?  Ashanti or Janet Jackson?
really need help, plz give me a answer?
i whont to laren online class?
Should I wear Bra on my first Date or not ?
Single greatest cause of ignorance"?
how to connect database ?
what year did spencer tracy die?
Why do I like to torture myself?
What does Microsoft Picture It for windows XP do exactly?
How can a drummer turn his talent into a career?
i need imformation of children of alcatraz?
can any1 tell me that how many stars in the sky?
flattened sac in a chloroplast?
how do you search for members in compuserve?
Do you think we living on the edge?
Info on the 6th annual kansas recovery conference?
what does hot flushes mean?
who is Marlon Brando??
can i make a full recovery and successfully integrate into society?
Craziest Plants in the World?
Can you really buy a home, no money down?
what is jewish religion all about?
d'you think gay guys tell jokes about straight ones?
the word delight?
Sign Language?
JLo n P.Diddy?
Immigration Query?
What makes you embarrass most?
who are u sick of hearing about on yahoo answers?
why are people so envolved in the protest for immigrants?
when iam getting married?
Please help me!!!!?
I Need Help.?
Try answering this riddle?
what was the motto of agent orange?
information on turbotax?
not to b nasty but what  is so great about sex?
How would I go about saying hi to a girl ?
any1 here a red neck woman!?
What is pi out to 12 digits?
what is the dierence between equity and commonlaw?
Why do the UN Peacekeeping Forces wear baby blue helmets?
is there two spelling words for facetious?
what should my man be like?
Is enegy faster than the speed of light?
who won the fight last sat?
where was the 1998 world cup held?
Jehovah's Witnesses in Finland?
should I buy a lot in Bishop CA?
What do you think of the Heat winning the first NBA title?
Does anybody know a pun for the world huckleberry?
how do you find surface area?
What do they call coffee breaks at the Lipton Tea Company?
Who nuked America in the TV show Jericho?
Anyone know where I can find cool internet videos?
how can I heal a strained muscle?
how to make millions in a month?
What is Law?
Is the Internet developing new forms and uses of the English language?
Will Vince Youngs Score affect his draft status?
how many high students fail?
Pictures and Applications?
process of nylon tyre cord yarn?
Why women suffer from migraine more than men?
Do You Know Who Ron Santo Is?
who is barry scott?
Was Edgrin James traded to the Arizona Cardinals?
Why are chicks yellow?
All the letters of the military alphabet?
if there was??
what is theoretical frame work?
another spanish translation :D?
Am I at fault here?
Are you in a relationship yet still feel lonely all the time?
project write up for central safe system?
What piece of clothing make you horny?
who's birthday is on october 19th?
how can I lose 50 pounds in les than a month?
Is it legal to write on money????
Does anyone know the real story with Scientology birthing?
how do i get to ask Tim McGraw a question?
what do i do???
And about Cassie.....?
how to burn a cd with real player?
What school is best for learning to be a forensic scientist?
what cause the penis to erect??
how many people have windows media player?
Eddie rabbitt song.?
are german guys into asian girls??
Does anyone remember the good old days of British professional wrestling?
What is the chemical cocktail used for lethal injection?
Help me find a good book to read. . .?
What is the Best Season a baseball player has had in history?
best boy friend changed suddenly...help!?
How easy is it for Japanese speakers to learn English?
My girlfriend's is A Psychopath?
who is Charles Swift ?
how do you know if youre in love?
Who is the best Down South Rapper?
Who is the best basketball player today and why?
has anyone bought the government grant book?
what channel will University of Alabama play baseball on April 2nd?
what are ALL the rivers in Latin America?
Strip Clubs: How many times a month is too much?
What else could this be?
Do you know somebody whose name is...?
what is the average size of an elephants penis?
computer problem???
waoman  cannot commit?
which is better the marines or the army??
Have you ever been to a nude beach?
What is uranium's reaction with pure water?
how do they calculate snowfall?
what is the fastes way to lose weight?
I'm bi-polar and my problem is:?
WHAT DOES it ALL MEAN?
what is the proper way to put on a Kefiya?
Jammie Fox -or- D.L Hughley?
california marriage law states?
say yes or no,?
What is organizational health?
Who does Cocaine on a regular basis?
how do i find out if my family own's property?
"Who's your daddy/mommy?"?
I really need to slim down and tone up any suggestions?
Have you lost your place?
A question to those who...?
Why do people have the need to be negative?
The BNP trial.?
Are hurricanes in the Tampa really that bad?
space probes?
Can guys really stay loyal to their partners?
Should I change my nickname/ screen name answers?
what is the begining salary for being a model/lawyer?
Are you beautiful? Have you let it shine?
why do most economists oppose trade restricitions?
know of company that is hiring for Payroll?
Which girls from here like a hard 6 pack?
Is your Boss?
pain in ears and back teeth and bottom?
what is a good age 2 have a boyfriend???
What do you do on the weekends at boot camp?
I am the worst speller how about you?
Is logic the Devil's work?
Is the war in the middle east necessary?
what are the big objectives of the puppet plays?
How can I search ftp sites?
Who sings Triple H 's theme song?
Who would be interested in Studying International Relations in Guatemala?
What color is Jessica Alba?
If I'm not from a culture...?
How come I don't get cramps?
You want to know what sucks?
Ugliest wrapped Christmas present?
where can i take my girl friend?
2 Riddles What are they?
Pazzia!will you date me?
What country was Bernard Schusterr's grandma born?
lost money in the ct system?
What should i do?
why do people hate the welsh so much?
uploading large files faster?
how can vitamin c help stop oxidation?
How does habeas corpus protect individual liberty?
Acceptance guitar tabs?
From which site can i learn statistics?
A nun chose those who would die?
i need help from a guy?
What will you be doing tonight?
Who thinks Soccer is the worst sport ever?
How shocked are you?
How do i lose my belly fat without sugery?
Do I have a nice setup?
bed sores?any suggestions how one can manage them effectively?
Who is the hotest chick in the world?
Ward Churchill:  a disgrace, or not?
Recommended university for criminal justice?
why don't guys like girls to play football or basketball?
What an undergraduate education?
is dsl better than cable internet?
what does this mean?
a very serious question...?
Does obesity matter for a girl while choosing her boyfriend?
Why Am I Alone?
do primate babies cry as humans do?
what are the reasons to teach intelligent design in schools?
what is the Lent of human intestine?
how do i find out my case status?
why does your arm hurt after an iv?
how long do background tests take?
Do men have g spots?
How long should it take to trust my boyfriend again?
which current premiership footballers middle name is ivanhoe?
what dose  mean?
Whats The Best Size Trombone Mouthpiece?
notts f a amature county cup semi finalists?
please help me!?
what does farming in Nepal need to increase production?
T.J. Ford jersey?
Please if you can tell me about the Mexican Government?
Has Mary Whitehouse been proved right?
how can i watch college baseball for free?
should I leave her for cocaine use?
How to protect your privacy?
relationship HELP!?
define theory?
Was the recent NY Transit Strike full of beans?
target wages?
how do u overcome shyness?
place to meet other lesbians?
An African-American US Presdant??
Who wrote the world's first computer program?
what amendnebt was repealed?
How can I love or be loved?
How to live in this kind of house?
Who sings "my milkshake"?
what is califourna famouse moutain?
Do you find it hard NOT to chat?
music productions?
Is any one out there a song writter?
What are some good songs that are sort of recent?
1. What is the largest living creature without a backbone?
How is the Atlanta Georgia rental market?
Bcause someone has sent me that hoax viruses?
What is meant by day light savings in calendar?
which comes first the egg or the hen?
what does amethyst mean?
How much would I make in the Military?
eastern creek?
what are your thoughts on Mark martin?
Do you use olive oil or vegetable oil when cooking a meal?
How far do you live from a beach?
Where did the word amber-alert originally come from?
Why does Nissen fundoplication work?
How can I keep my baby tooth from falling out?
Ricky Manning Jr.?
Young teenagers engaging in sexual activity, is this the norm?
what should i do?
What is the top speed of rollerblades with Swiss bearings?
Does it bother you?
How do I delete my avatar?
How can I apply total quality management in my school?
a natural cure for stomach ulcer?
who in here thinks geroge lopez is funny?
What would you do if you were the president?
why do men hav nipples?
why do so many women think guys are nothing more then accessories?
Who sings that song Bunny Hop?
how do i know it is love?
68mb of ram free?is this ok?
Why are my girlfriend's hands always so cold?
what does consolidating a loan mean?
How do you know if your gettin numonia?
are there examples of chemical magic in the internet?
Do you think WW3 is at hand?
Should the government provide free housing for the homeless?
The people from Puerto Rico are second class USA citizens?
What does DNA stand for?
Russian Mafia?
Wisdom Teeth - Food or Stitches?
can u solve this?
what happens to organs after a transplant?
Any UFC fans out there???
who knows about CUNY/ACT writing?
What are all of the functions of the liver?
What should I make my mom for Christmas?
Should old people and immigrants be able to drive?
What products support terrorism?
i m 16 would. anybody like to be my friend??
who is the cutes singer?
any ladies ever walk on a man in heels or wanted to?
is it okay to be crushing on Danny Phantom??
name 5 reason the Heat beat the Mavs?
What is your favorite band?
What's "Nature Journal" in Japanese?
Best way to ask a girl out?
International relation topics to do a project?
In business statistics, what are the assumptions of regression analysis?
a little question?
Women dont belong to the internet?
Solve this old code for 10 points?
Would you be interested?
Is it true Black people can't eat pizza?
Would you think that there is a hidden agenda here?
Business Etiquette?
is this fat?
How many Kilograms make one metric tonnes?
Game playing and problems with grapics?
What is spectroscopy? sp?
what year was the United Nations 1st started?
How to make icecream ?
What do you eat in Scotland?
what city does Paul Horning live in?
can someone cheer me up?
Who Likes Grey's Anatomy?
I hate myself?
how do i podcast?
Please help with math problems?
3*3=82 true or false?
Sities that buy web(page) templates?
there should be reservation or not?
Show me some ways to become rich ina straight forward way?
are you gay?
what is colder ice or ice water?
who missed eddie guerero??????
who is obsessed with Jesse McCartney?
What is Steven Gerrard's best goal ever?
Do u have a face that people want to hit???
how is a IBM 570 powered up?
What is a good  definiton of "good anxiety"?
Does President Bush smoke cigarettes?
Is it natural to think about suicide?
whats memorial day to you?
where can i find the research of theme park?
FREE Membership Site Manager!?
How often do british people wash ?
what is 'getupperbound' method?
which are the Indian words in English?
Can you feel"it" when you are having your period?
Advice Please?
Who Am I? I was born around 1485?
why doe people worry about what other people think?
For Girls Only.?
Why can't liberals figure out how to use guns?
is it common to have a groom and his mother dance?
Is Power Rangers Dino Thunder a boy show?
what is everyone up to?
Democracy in the world?
is tradesports.com legal for us citizens?
Describe enemies of the immune system such as bacteria and viruses?
how can I delete the yahoo tollbar?
whats the web site with real streeet fights ?
Should information on our tax returns be sold?
What is the best free build your own website site?
With all that you are dealing with?
Door to door?
Ovulation after childbirth?
What would you do in this situation??
Do seratonine levels drop at night?
What is the most popular degree for undergraduates?
this girl confuses me?
derivaion of planck's radiation law?
Is Earth's gravity high or low?
i need financial help?
Are moslems dangerous?
can i know free websites that deals with engineering and technology?
who will win the cricket world cup 2007 ?
what is 100 +72?
similar things between property and casualty insurance vs banking industry?
What does Bhoosa bhandar mean in India?
why are Americans so religous?
How can I learn Microsoft Visual Basic Application?
Do Jumpsoles work for increasing vertical leap?
Can't we move the election up two years???
ieee usename password?
what is everyone doing?
what is leonardo do vinci's history?
how work the car?
Did anyone hear about Paramahamsa Yogananda ji?
What is the origin of the phrase "getting fired"?
which side is medicine side on icy hot sleeves?
What are some effective study methods for exams with tons of information?
divide equal triangle into 4 equal triangles with 2 lines?
Polygon troubles :)?
Lesbian theory, am I right?
Who is win Champion Trophy? Aus or Windies?
What is a devout universal unitarian?
i am taking a poll, who is ur favorite singer?
Whats best to become a cop?
what do u mean by an antitussive agent?
what are the requirements to buy property?
Do you wanna know the best stores for buying clothes?
Finding Roots of Equation: Calculus?
Am I humourous or just annoying?
How are we shaped and fashioned by the world around us?
Computer froze?
what is cell?
How did u feel, girls?
Horoscopes: fake or inspired ideas?
Name me an animal that can flip its stomach inside out.?
Cumputer problem pls?
What does K equal?
communication network?
How can i remove excess fat from my face?
when am I eligible for medicare?
Why  most of the guys  are so  ditching?
Where can I get the music of the movie Bugsy Malone?
How can I find my school's web site?
who in the nba is underrated?
sex during  the middle ages?
what should I do?
Where to meet girls?
Are you saving the new state quarters? Why?
how much is a 1934 one hundred dollar worth?
What is good for my age (wieght wise)?
What is the only object in Access database that actually contains data?
Little bumps...?
Should you judge a book by it's cover?
leaning tower of pisa,,?
What is the function of Female Pubic Hair?
What makes yawning contagious?
Couples in relationships:  Activities and fighting?
confusing issue????
Quitclaim deeds in Texas?
What color is blood when underwater?
What is a really cool team name for a basketball team?
Please answer it in simple English format ?.?
is Mr. frost giving her something to play with yet?
why he do that?
Would recovering addicts be considered vets?
Men what do you think of women preacher's?
what does hangman hill look like in Geneva?
Qui connait le club48 sur Lyon?
do you support the legalization of marijuana?
What is my middle name?
is there any way to open a PDF into a word document?
what is the process of copwiting music?
Why Have Muslim Scholars Been Undervalued Throughout Western History?
how many regions does the phils exactly have?
Has anyone heard that actor Chris Tucker is deceased?
If you saw the movie Crash...?
What does an atypical pap smear mean?
pelvic exams?
what are the various hindrances in consumer awareness?
Does she like me?
she keeps joking about my age, is that bad or flirting?
im talking to this guy will he ask me out soon?
How do I get a promotion in my job?
does it hurt fish when they are caught?
what are the gulf countries and their capitals?
Why does hubby not initiate sex?
Why is the ocean water denser than fresh water?
What type of trees are planted in Bryant Park?
why boys always chit wth girls?
J.J. Redick?
Can I get a tenant to waive their rights?
Tell more  about the objectives of photography.?
Does the modern liberal theory believe in socialism or capitalism?
where do I buy latex to create my own clothing designs?
Whats the best thing about being stationed in South Korea?
what should i do ??!?
chemical milling disadvantage?
Why do I feel so tired after jogging?
What are some good websites for teen girls?
what is the disadvantage by learning sex in school?
Who introduced the theory of red tide?
How many times has Britain won the world cup?
What is a habit you have that you wish you could break?
wat s da difference between kissin & makin out?
why on earth are dorky creatures everywhere?
fight a headcold?
Tonight is the night world!!!?
Whats so awesome about that movie Crash?
Who holds the curreent record for the fastest bowler?
T.O. as a Cowboy. What do you think?
How do you say "reasonable" in Japanese?
Why is Bush so intenet on hindering space exploration?
Dating Middle Eastern men?
Will Michael Schummacher retire after this seasons F1 Championship?
Why do you thing all criminals are easy tagets?
Do you keep your apples in the fridge?
how do i get rid of hiccups?
microphone question?
How do I ask a girl out on a date?
Do animals sin?
Treaty anyone?
I want to get laser eye surgery?
Does brushing make your breath smell good?
list of carrers partaining to coputer?
how do i go about getting a student visa?
What are some ways to cope with stress?
Wasn't Ed Brooke once Governor of Massachusetts?
is wolf creek a good movie?
why does thunder and lightning occur more in summer than winter?
supercritical extraction AND toxicity AND natural products?
Free music/music videos?
how do you lose alot of weight?
What should I ask for for my bitrhday??
So, how do you show your love?
whats the time there now in U.K ?
What are the duties of a master of ceremony in a wedding?
What are the official rules of ultimate frisbee?
I need to write a letter?
When does summer school starts in Denver South High School?
who is the prime minister of central african republic ?
Anyone know when the OC will return in the fall?
Is dancing a Sport? Yes/No?
Who else loved The Departed?
My husband parents are 2nd Cousin....?
Is Professor Snape a Republican or a Democrat?
who will win thursday bowls ?
Is anyone applying to NMAS this year?
Who won the AL MVP in 1982?
math help w/ factoring?
wats is da chemical property of metalliods?
Is there a shortage of Albuteral Inhalers?
How come guys tell girls what they want to hear?
What is the real difference between Linux and Mac?
Wiccan or Pagan people read this please!?
DAP - can't uninstall it !?
wt is meant by fifa?
Why is my shadow folling me?
define love?
How do I do a bibliography for this website??
do you have any strange habits/rituals?
I Do I See If My JavaScript Is Turned Off?
ski equipment?
WHy do people ask such stupid questions?
Why do people care about these stupid points?
Cheney visits Saudi Arabia..why him and why now?
Do u think j.lo is pregnect?
Who will win,Tiger or Michelson?
Do you think Joy Giovanni is that hot?
Would you like to be a fly on the wall?
Can u Solve this Words?
How do you get rid of a double chin?
how do you use a function in excel?
How should my fiance ask for a raise?
I'm running a summer camp! Ideas anyone?
Enlgish readers for Africa???
who goes second today?
Do you think spies and intelligence agencies use Yahoo answers?
Anyone out there from Tennesse or Virginia?
why do u  you all listen music?
i wanna ask a question on final year projects in production engineering?
explain year 2038 problem?
to day is a great day don't you think?
here's a riddle?
why do humans yawn?
meds dictonary by pic?
Im a teacher and my kids want to have fun?
need help please?
Do you believe in aliens?
what is the difference between girl and and guy dreams?
how do i download music onto my mp3 player?
what is the best ghant in the premiership?
What kind of computer should I get?
how can anyone be a liberal or democrat?
iPod Nano color?
How many square feet cover the earth?
php pages (root directory)?
How many of you believe in yourself above all other things?
which indian stock  to buy for short term in march 2006?
Is it illegal to have an "alias"?
What is the importance of economics in our society?
Coded signs for gangs?
How do I use fishing lures?
Why would someone hiccup from eating something spicy?
Help! Sister's husband stole the kids?
Did women play sports in the elizabethan era?
effect of adoption on social security survivor benefits?
what is the salary for California attorney general?
Well in this world honesty is leaving?
How can I remove a Yahoo Fantasy League from my account?
What does the word. . .  crestfallen mean?
Where can I find a file containing a dictionary?
Did the person you voted for win the election?
do bottle nose dolphins live in saltwater?
whats the difference between a cab and a taxi?
is it rue?
nadi vakyam?
what is the first ancestors of humans?
Qoute "electric tripped"?
wat is a nervecell and a sperm cell?
How can anybody not like Peyton Manning?
what's the difference between!?
Do you think  usher body is hot?
Do you like The Black Eyed Peas??
What do you think about the latest LA beating?
How to start this from the beginning?
Whats the latest meaning of Education?
Water and RUnning?
How do you know when you overdose?
Is University of Phoenix Online good choice ?
How do u set ure profile to private on myspace?
what should you get a guy for velentines?
multiple choice question in plastic surgery"?
What's your favourite movie, and why?
Where do I get Auto Racing Sponsorships?
what planet did william herschel discover in 1781?
Someone else's computer?
Who benefits from Healthcare Costs ?
why was myspace created?
Is LAX the new Hart Foundation?
For women or girls: How late has your period gotten?
Would you date a cop?
How has the Arabic language changed over time?
Is It Normal For My Body To Hurt That Much?
Are We Going Out?
World Series '06 Prediction?
Collie ' Lassie '  was... ?
Whats really going on?
where is the center at?
Are we all just prisoners of our own devices?
How can I re-install XP on my broken laptop?
Round Number IV for Famous movie Lines!?
Can someone please explain the Patriot Act to me in human language?
What is the role of women in Educational Technology?
Do TV news producers purposely show legs on women?
Can the sun blow up?
Has anyone done surveys by askamerica.org?
How do you tell if someone has a crush on you?
why do boys got  to lie just to get girls into bed?
Repeating emails in my Outlook Express Inbox.?
what can help avoid pain first time having sex with a virgin?
Is there any new tricks for yahoo?
what is the best language programming for system and .net programming?
why does a broken heart hurt so much?
Anyone watching BBC 1?
Where is the best place in Shanghai to buy a laptop?
kind of a dirty joke have ya heard it?
How old is zac efron?
Do people who have been blind since birth, dream in images?
Has anyone using FireFox had any problems with it?
should you pay debts that are charged off on your account?
Any US Soldiers out there?
Babe Ruth Trivia?
What is the housing Authority?
My Tinitus?
homework help please?
Did David kill Goliath or was it Elhanan?
when are the 10thclass cbse results for 2006?
what is the sin against the holy spirit?
what are oklahoma warrant laws?
What is the official language of Afghanistan?
why do women shave their pubic hair ?
Baseball hall of fame?
Any insecure pretty girls out there?
What is a simple way to make lightning?
Hannah Montana trivia?
testing positively for the united states military service?
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect why practice?
how do i get into biking?
Singing Parrot?
Crazy and sick question?
what is the best ski resort for beginners?
What does a Marketing Plan for a service look like?
850 euros in amercian money?
Its been almost a year?
what is the best way to cook trout?
Does any sexy ni.gga need a girl?
Is anyone interested in putting a band together?
wil you help me win my bet?
What is view of gender in France?
Are rollerblade sizes the same as shoe sizes?
do you feel like the Native Americans?
How can you tell if your lawyer?
What does it mean to dream about these things?
Ten Tenors?
ok .....masterbating?
So people,have you ever?...?
getting a guy to have gay sex with you?
Who are the real kenites?
Cleaning up a broken fluorescent tube?
What are some good rock songs?
How do you smell when you get home from work?
Re Fujitsu Siemens laptop?
How many white people are there in the world?
How am I going to compute for sample Size?
What does it mean when?
What happened to Noah in The Notebook?
whats your favorite movie?
Tell me all abot web design?
a game to my cell phone for free. possible or not ?
where can i sell greeting card designs?
where did the name bluetooth for connectivity came from?
Are you FABULOUS?
what is cwp in pipe fittings?
whos arnold mc donald?
why dont apes turn into people anymore??
Christians...?
My back shoulder (left) hurts?
i need to find computer stores that buy old computers?
Would you spend $300 to get $4000 two months quicker?
what branch of math is used for constructing rollercoasters?
what is the most popular quotation ever?
downloading?
should males have say in abortion decisions?
Only based carbon_oxygen_nitrogen creature can be living?
Do u think this is right?
boy problems again!!!?
Wow, that was fast, wasn't it?
micromedia director?
whats the meaning of life?
history about the manette bridge?
Why are nuclear plants harmful?
Sensitivity training (trained killers) your opinion?
Inspiration? I need help?
why are the human body system completely interdependent?
Driver appearances at MIS?
Do you believe in UFOs?
hi there,how do you know if Ur a gay?
what areas in sports are changed mostly needed?
My computer turns itself on at midnight every night.?
its a beautiful day....?
who is your favorite female singer?
What is the difference between Indigo Children and ADHD?
What is acromegaly?
who is the most suitable for England job, why?
What is the meaning of the name Kenya ?
Would a compass work on Mars?
Help My Tonsils!!!!?
is it normal to want sex all the time?
How can tell if he likes me?
define content method?
what is the role of software engineer?
FIFA is split into how many confederations?
why are manatees so endangered?
why is it language is the most important element of culture?
Is it true that girls fall in love faster then boys?
how many years old has the earth?
What is a 99215 at the eye clinic?
30 seconds to mars?
i have a problem!?
do birds have...?
what is the best way to prevent ankle injuries?
can i enter the navy with flat feet?
Is it possible a hacker use my PC?
What's the best way to get rid of Roaches?
Does anyone know the French school Inflexyon in Lyon?
What a girls idea of good sex???
where can I find historicstock prices?
What should I do?
Does diamond  conduct electricity?why?
College Chemistry and biology?
is he just a flirt?
how i make emploee do the job?
I  have a patent who caan help me to marketing it?
what is memory paging?
how many times can a person get the chickenpox?
Does anyone remember the term "Inaliable rights"?
How can a High School student get there CNA?
what is the perception of God in islam?
do you need a servant/slave...???
Are female soldiers accepted in Camp Krusty?
kid poems sites?
where is the Cape of Good Hope located?
Can you iron paper?
why sex is importent in our life?
Is the world comin to a end?
word(s) that ends with "head"?
How can Ifind out if someone has passed away?
Is using a Credit Union better than using a traditional bank?
Unable to watch DVd film?
Where can i get a government grant for college?
Dead deer?
im really shy around him help?
how do i get rid of a kernel data inpage error?
how has Egyptian culture contributed to modern civilization?
How can I meet a lot of women  to sleep with?
positive/negative comments about a racial group??
How much would you pay for professional lawn service?
more on italy (sorry)?
Who of Team is Campion?
Is there a better Movie Review Site than..?
Cool names......?
what places hire at the age of 15?
what is the application of laser in chemistry?
What is the smallest diameter of stainless steel wire ever produced?
Will this make you stop?
nutrionvaluesfoundinsomecommonfoods?
What is the real name of Pele?
What are some of the best quotes in movies?
Does anyone have information about careers of Physicists?
top hotel management institutes in india?
why are women so hard to get sometimes?
Any idea for internet based home work for a professional engineer?
Can people get addicted to religion?
How can you help to reduce homophobia?
"how can i choose a topic for my thesis?
does anybody here like mugglecast?
how effective is cialis.?
What church is Natalie Wilson Performing at Tonight in Washington Dc?
What is instinct based on?
When did Henry Aaron hit his 755th homerun?
What is masterbation?
what is caring?
Will acceptance bring Peace?
Up for some Geography Trivia?
Can you help me in my INtegears?
how to make lots of money?
What is the meanest thing you have done to someone?
Why in the world do they call it "sweet 16"?
How many days of rest should you have between muscles?
What's up with the Lakers?
What makes IE 7 so horrible?
What do you call this kind of room?
i need help fast...?
what is an monoatomic ion?
what is a build process?Why do we need it?
how do i clean out my hard drive xp?
can anyone tell me about Austin, TX?
What would it take for the Dodgers to win the NL West?
Has heaven shone a light down on you?
What is risk in finance?
Could France defeat Switzerland after Cisse got injured?
question regarding perjury-see details.?
where is the marina trench?
which keeper has the longest clean sheet?
How do i  become a children's books ilustrator?
What is sex?
Do you want to go on a jog with me?
who was an abolitionist opposed to the emancipation proclamation?
Are Tony Blair or George Bush supporters an endangered species???
expressing my feelings?
Why can't I get this?
Do guys have a problem dating girls who are older than them?
Is he an accessory to this crime?
first man to visit moon?
Why is divorce okay?
how do i add another computer to my cable modem?
what is 3/4 of12?
how to concentrate in the study of science subjects?
where do aliens come from...?
Who will be all star MVP this year?
are there snooks in blackpoint marina?
Feelings about the aero pro drive racquet?
what does pimp meam?
WHat would you do?
is gregory peck alive?
Who is the best NCAA wide receiver of all time?
good health breakfast food helps to lose weight?
hey how can i thank you?
Have you read the book Marley and Me?
The Lion Sleeps Tonight?
How many days was there in February 1975?
What living things have you helped create?
How do I find someone's email address using the web?
Should I feel guilty?
Should this be added to the book of MAN LAWS?
what is the fullform of nasdaq?
ohmygosh i have to!?
ebay's Final Value Fees?
im looking for this video from saturday night live?
What does this mean regarding covered calls?
is ' Yahoo Answers service' good or bad to society?
Why is the sky Blue????
anyone want to be friends?
***What would you do***?
"Unity of command" term to define?
dry area created when warm, moist air loses its moisture?
can plants grow better in water?
what does norepinephrine do?
Why do Mark, Tom and Travis not get along anymore?
what is the definition of inund?
Diplomatic Training schools in The USA  for Foreign Students?
Do you know anything about Parliamentary Debate?
Are you people not intelligent enough for a good argument?
What means timor?
is there a good over the counter anger supplement?
how much dose the skeleton of a body wheigh?
What does funeral rites mean?
this is for those who are utterly potter fans!?
What is the best book to read to learn options trading?
hey it is summer time?
Baseball Card Collection?
theres this guy...?
Protein Shakes?
Is it possible to have intimacy without getting too emotionally involved?
How do you know God's will?
does age matter?
Is it okay to have sex with your neighbour ?
what is the best way to ask a girl out?
What curbs your appetite?
How is Shakespeare's life mirrored in Romeo and Juliet?
how long does valium stay in your system?
Penny Wise Pound Foolish?
how to make a book manuscipt?
scientific name and to what family of plants does fortune plant belongs?
How do i talk 2 a girl that i like?
why do republicans think i love Clinton when i hate Bush ?
I have a big problem, please read details?
I need to get a lawyer, Which type do I choose?
Republican?
Why do my shins still hurt?
whats a good way to clear acne?
What medical condition is oxygen contraindicated in?
when does a car become a classic?
When Will Doctor Who Series 3 Start ?
What is required for a general contractors license in Florida ?
how do you get your best friend back??
icse schools in agra, india?
who sings this song?
Can I ask questions related to education.?
sites for download shakira vidios songs?
I'm treating....?
essay on computer?
I am looking for trucking companies that offer training,?
what kind of employees need office competencies?
fav positions?
is there something wrong with my heart?
what happened 40 years ago on april 1st?
jokes/riddles?
what is the best general weigth training schedule?
Is a Suzuki Burgman 400 a good bike to have?
Why do you we get hicups?
what do i do to get a girl to notice me?
How long before you can have sex after having your tubes tied?
Why can see the  great wall from air space?
what is wingizmo??
Pee Help! I want to bedwet?
Aliens....?
how do you send pictures from your computer to your phone?
what do u know about that quistionar?
how do i make something stink?
What do you think of George W. Bush?
Mother inlaw problem. I would like a adivce?
The American occupation in Iraq?
Around the Horn wins  Jay Mariotti or Woody Paige?
Septic Infection Resulting from a Boil?
How long will Lebron stay with the Cavs?
is there even such thing as reality?
What is the best diet?
how many caleries are in a pound???
Magic no. #2?
what are the different types of morality?
Can anyone reccomend a good Latin teaching computer program?
What does rated R mean in movies?
who is jackie robinson parents?
What I should give for my ex boy friend birthday?
Swiss bank accounts.?
Is there more than one Air Force One airplane on duty?
What time is it just now?
what sea does the Italian Boot extended?
Sharing programs among several users in Win XP Home?
When a man loves a woman?
my friend and her bf.?
can watching tv make you go blind?
Why do people, most people, dislike SPAM?
I need a boyfriend...help me?
Molly Meldrum?
What did the rich people of the renaissance eat?
Does anyone know who makes these cartoons?
Who thinks the ACT sucks?
what is the influence of your religion to your personality?
how do you create a good resume?
Can any body tell me who am I?
Why are there no penguins in the northern hemisphere ?
how mush money do you make?
how to classify books in dewey decimal system?
Does anybody do some kind of volunteer work?
Should I take time off?
Is there any Cricket teams in the United States?
where will 2010 world cup be at?
What female tennis player won US Open in 1996?
who s larry sonce the football player?
does any1 no this song.?
how was the elevator created?
Do you know any good websites to practice English passive voice on?
In Islam, does the Quran allow you to beat your wife?
How to target the movie file to 700 MB?
why do you like to play?
Information on PSP Console...?
what is the result of a true love?
How do I delete ALL cookies from Windows XP?
How do you study for four tests in one night?
Something that bugs the !@#$! out of me?
My eczema is awful can anyone help me?
What is the trurth of 11 sept ?
What can I expect from an online college.?
in ur opinion which would u go 4?
What are itinerant professors?
Whats the best laptop brand?
whats the difference?
will it go away?
How to calculate the mid value?
anyone like dickie vitale?
Bought wrong Hard drive. Help Please.?
incarcerated parent and child custody rights?
Who thinks this site should be called opinions? Why?
Who scored the fastest world cup goal and when?
What is the best way to get rid of a foreign accent?
what is the resonant frequency of silver? Gold?
what example can you give for dual aspect concept?
is it safe to eat worms?
nutrisystem?
who is a chicago fire fan and why?
What is conditional love and unconditional love ?
what is it called when you have sex on your side?
How much do you think guys like cheerleaders?
is colonialism ever morally justifiable?
A mathematical problem (parametric differentiation)?
Read this sentence?
Which NASCAR driver is  HOTTER?
Where are the snows of yesteryear?
who is hosting the 2007 all star game?
Deuce McAllister or Fred Taylor?
I have a cold whats the best medicine?
i want a nice promising male friend?
what is love?
chemistry help?
pms cramps HELPPP?
comment faire une figure skate "flip"?
Where can I download episodes of Airwolf for free?
Does the color of water change the growth rate of a plant?
Fatwas issued by ignorant muslim leaders ?
What is a hollaback girl?
Does anybody has got his passport issued in 2006?
What are your favorite widgets of the moment?
if a guy .........?
A question for all Muslims...?
Math experts please!!??
What do you think makes Yahoo! Answers so popular?
What are the benefits of being an athiest?
is milk a mixture?give reasons for your answer?
would bobby kennedy have won the presidential election?
when renting a refrigerator for an apartment?
Aaron Harang for Chris Ray.  Is this fair?
question about body type, and training?
Should i be a teacher?
will i become pro bmxer?
for naruto fanes?
What is the best site for wallpapers?
My smendrick is ablaze!?
if your spouse is in iraq and u stressed?
know anything about MS?
please HELP ME w/ this!?
do I need to be in a relationship?
Can anyone remember the "Bright Light" advert?
what is resonence?
what are the 10 latest advancement in science and technology?
CSS Editing, please HELP! :)?
Who are we really??
What is the Net Worth of a person with an Associates Degree?
How to Troubleshoot a Failed Modem Connection ?
Who were rulers of england during 1550-1650?
Who's the better band?
best friends boyfriends, boyfriend friend?
Does anyone know how barcodes work?
Advantage of plasmolysis.?
what is a blog ?
How many goals will Rooney score in the World Cup?
should mobile phones b allowed in schools?
What is an expository essasy and?
How do space probes navigate large distances with such accuracy?
Can diabetics eat Angel food cake?
when will tom cruise just go away?
what can i do about an inner ear pimple?
Should I break things off with my boyfriend?
Earth-Moon Mass Ratio?
collections?
Why are India not good at defending scores?
why network users automatically disconnected from network?
A math prob.?
is there any web sight that you can down load free music?
Will the Gators win national basketball title?
What is an acid base reduction?
how long it takes to get green card???
In what kingdom does jellyfish fit in?
Is Anime/ Manga evil?
Whats the fastest way to get a 6-pack?
where can i get free movies.?
How will i know if somebody is accessing my computer?
where's the best place to meet a family oriented man?
would i be welcome at your church?
Abdominal pains.. nausea...?
Does anyone remember the commercial?
who is your favorite diva and wrestler?
whats the incumbency effect?
can you be convicted and go to jail for owi?
Is love and likeness the same.?
how do i quote this?
Which president said this.....?
Is the Big Mighty US Ship sinking ???
yo guys at what age did you go through puberty?
is there a poem on the heart (anatomy, etc)?
Thanksgiving food?
How to get free scholarship for overseas studies in medicine.?
free sites to learn taglog?
How many immigrant haters?
which titleist drivers will be illegal within the next 2 years?
What is the origin of baby christening?
why did sarah sorenson die?
does size really mater?
Got a recent Medical School required boolklist?
hi, sweet girls, seduce me,if you can?
Why do I get dandruff?
Will my adventures at the grocery store ever end?
Should I leave my husband of almost 8 years?
Sound in outer space?
What percentage of Celtic supporters are Catholic. Why?
Sores in and around my butt area.?
how can i have wide curvy hips?
what is single radial immunodiffusion?
How hard is it to be in good shape?
What are some resources of Russia?
tell this......?
I can hear the clicks to website through my speakers.?
who is the jamaca,s curaint leader?
Free money to go to graduate school?
what is a belated appeal?
What is the legal value of a fax document?
Should gay couples be allowed to become foster parents?
what is a good graduation gift?
do all flowering plants bear fruit?
Where can I find payscales for jobs?
my new upgraded system is slow why????
Who said this quote?
Why is answering question is easier than asking question?
Would you have sex for money ?
Why are wet spots dark?
What is the best dating service to meet nice guys?
Choose one:Hilary Duff or Lindsay lohan?
How many injuries do you think Vick will have his year?
what is the benefit of government expenditure on social programmes?
What is "peaceful planet" in arabic?
lawyer advise?
If you won the lottery...?
Will the Usa armed forces become a nuclear army?
What does the saying "God Speed" mean?
I m 50 and I need to fell younger.?
What are the two types of permanent strain?
Is affirmative action still necessary?
how do i know if it's love or a crush?
how  many defence positionsare on afootball team?
oh no am doomed?
do you think our economy is diverse?
how compatible are gemini and sagitarius??
why are rastatarian festivals held?
What do people think of girls in sororities?
how do i break the ice my crush???
Why do men have worse underarm odor than women?
Green card question?
is  Alex a boy name or a girl name?
qualities of training and development professional?
on which date did the 2006 world cup start on?
Why do people feel the need to report abuse on this site?
What is Silly Putty made of?
can you draw the spacious form of the NO2 molecular?
Should google change because of some countrys petition?
A Christmas gift ... what would you do?
Rock music?
Do isoenzymes have the same specific activity?
How to make her feel at home...?
What kind of unique wedding games do you know of?
why are SOME people so damn  ignorant?
what's a good online broker to start of with?
Spanish lyrics i think:S?
How do I see if someone has a screen name?
Could you explaine why you live?
why Antarctic region is excluded from IATA traffic Conference?
inferred reality?
What is the Atmospheric composition of the planet Venus?
Have you ever had a nerve stinger in your neck?
WHo do you think will win the World Cup?
do men prefer BIG TITS or a good personality?
how can i paste things without using the mouse???
How tall is Ann  Curry? How tall is Angelina Jolie?
What is a bruise and what 'causes one?
who wanna join our cs clan [hotd]?
I need help concerning AP Exams...?
what is the origin of the name hinesh?
who was doddy alfayet?
chemistry help?
how old do you think kids should start playin soccer?
Your most embarassing moment?
how old is keith urban?
What  is The  ultimate Game U have ever seen?
do u resemble ur avatar???
AFI, anyone?
Is Nazism allowed in Germany?
How can i convert music file format to mp3?
Why doesn't the earth fall towards the sun?
how to hypnotise myself?
What are silver dollars \nworth?
Giving Free clothes?
Who do u think is better Broncos or raiders?
Dream?!?!?!?
What do you think about Jesus?
how do i make an extension work in firefox?
What are my chances of getting lung cancer if I smoke?
i need help writting a thesis on a strike?
length from basketball goal to three point line?
theres a file on my computer that has this address?
How Can I practice an Get Better at VolleyBall?
Its hard our here for a single?
What is the meaning of e=mc2?
botham or flintoff ???
source of term "plug and chug"?
What's the best thing anyone's ever told you?
Women or Cars?
Have u all seen this guy?
Is there any jobs out there for 17 year old teen?
how do i clean up my credit?
Is it possible to die standing up?
Why are men so crazy about anal?
child imitation scenarios?
What is driving the sudden current of concern for illegal immigration?
simplify expression question?
What issues are hottest in art education in the current day?
Why do chicks with barely any hooters wear bras?
Christians why are you in denial about God?
sex (4 guys only)?
Has anyone?
What would a nice, sweet lady want for an anniversary present?
How do you like them? Young or Old?
Are there any free or complimentary Textbooks for college instructors?
Round 2. Hulk or Thor?
I have a peculiar problem with my broadband connection.?
I like to connect with engineers espescialy industrial engineers?
my mouse will not work can any body help me?
h1 b queries urgent please?
Is anyone else in total love/lust with Sara Silverman?
What is the latest version of Lotus SmartSuite?
what is the composition of beetroot?
How could the grandma be 86!?
What do you think of this article?
what is WHIP in fantasy baseball?
whats  the  best  thing that  ever  happened  to you?
Who is your choce for NBA Most Valuable Player?
Are internet wireless cards dangerous?
Christmas craft ideas?
what is holding me back?
how do you ask a guy for his phone number?
household chemicals volcano eruption?
do you think that school is fun?
Math Problem Help?
Is George W. Bush an idiot?
I want a bf :(?
please help with math homework?
Sports without cheerleader?
What do you fantasize about?
what are good (and practical) time management techniques?
at what age do people normally stop growing?
Who invented the wire paper clip?
what is determinism?
What is stem cell research?
is 'sex'  the most natural thing with humans?
Aren't all Republican's really Democrat's?
question about french kissing?
Headaches...?
What is wrong with 'humanism'?
nick name for kristen?
For KG teachers (serious answers only please)?
Can gambling online become an addiction.?
what are the first 2000 digts of the number pi?
what does an international businessman do?
Is Xango fruit juice as good as claimed?
How many things, could you shake a stick at??
Residential Parking on road?
How do you start performing gigs??
runescape help?
Spanish passive se!! help please!!?
I just broke my arm. What should I do?
how to calculate the variance of test results in a class?
Which teams do u think are going to win tonight?!?
Who was Tuesday named after?
How  do I  update my personal profile with Yahoo?
How can i clear my internet history?
how to write a learning log on an english essay?
I need to know about the solar system?
During this season, how often do you put sunblock?
What does this quote mean?
why are people so cruel?
A country that starts with a D? Anyone?
What do you think about the band Lacuna Coil?
Tito Ortiz or Ken Shamrock?
Degrassi Fan?
were can l get a boyfriend online?
how can i make a guest book in my site?
Who/What inspires you?
How do I get buyers for textlinks?
Do grlz like foreskin?
How to convert molecules to atoms?
At what age can you rent a hotel or motel room?
why is it that football players slap the other players butts?
bone infection simption?
What are some good anniversary dates? Like what to do.?
dead commies on patrol?
Should New Zealand become an Australian State?
how to i make a picture transparent is MS publisher?
What is aquatic and esturaine ecology?
Chances of getting Scholarship in University ?
can someone help me w/ this question/?
what do you like to do more than anything in the world?
Satanic christians?
Mum or GF &#92; BF?
I just found the disks to crash my computer due to virus?
Which British costal town is most associated with dracula?
Will this be another Brazillian dominated World Cup?
How do I advertise to subscribers on yahoo?
i know this kid that needs a date?
how do i find info on witchcraft ?
how can crisis evolve?
is bin laden alive?
What's the best download manager?
about tna 2007 important?
who refereed the first world cup?
my nickname is better than yours?
how do i transfer a downloaded game from one computer to another?
What is your favorite song of all times and why?
How many have heard this?
When do you think the next terrorist attack will be?
what do guys like about us girls somuch?
Information on Charlemagnes life?
Water infection?
Why do "terrorists" kill innocent people?
give me some tips to lose some weight??
what movie was there a character named master tang in it?
Do you take prozac?
What's your dirty little secret?
Give me an excuse?
When are you posting the advertisement for the Day after Thanksgiving Sale?
When should we pull troops out of Iraq?
who is your favorite NBA team?
How does an atheist recover from alcoholism?
what websites have those prepaid debit cards?
US World Cup soccer game?
I need an essay on intelligent design and organic evolution comparison?
is Photoshop CS2 worth the $142 upgrade?
Whats your favorite even number?
What are the benefits of MySQL?
What do you know about teching ASL?
What is happening to me? Hormonal changes?
what do you think of soccer?
How old were you when you lost your virginity?
my granddaughter's right leg is longer than the left?
Some sort of contest????
if youve been to a bat mitvah..?
what is Hamas? its objectives? its policies?
Please give me 5 Tagalog rhyming words.?
Do guys cry when girls brake up with them?
is it possible that America let the world live in peace?
How Should i go about this?
I am.....?
What charity should i donate money to?
Is society just getting more rude?
Are there any ways to get on line ?
what role does the bible play?
what is bible? and who is the writer of it?
what is a sequence of single tones, the tune?
Would you do it for 1 million in cash, tax free?
Peace anyone ?
what was eaten on the first thanksgiving?
Please I need the table for electricity cable measurement?
Looking for new friends???
Question for you about Jonah?
what if the employer called you over the phone for some interview?
What is the scientific explanation of magic poo?
What coast are you from?
Depo Jab Injection?
what is a ten sided geometric figure called?
Any alternatives to becomeing a non-profit organization?
what is busta rhymes real name?
How could I find angular velocity?
is there a way to run tomcat in eclipse?
distance between Akulam and international Airport in Trivandrum?
'Ageism' for women?
Does anyone have dreams about their favorite celebrity?
need info on paralysis of vocal cords?
What is the legal way to immigrate in America?
what are the best pratices in managing promotion?
Is this true or false?
Is Paula Abdul from American Idol mentally challenged?
Do I have a concussion?
Who is top of the team mates?in f1?
Impact of Bombs?
Green Card Renewal?
Is it okay to hold back your urine before sex?
what is qualitative research?
What effects does auto exhaust have on the human body?
what is the fastest vihichele ever made?
Song in the Samsung SGH-D820 advertisement?
How did it feel when your youngest baby had a baby?
why is guido so spunky?
Where can I take a certificate program in AutoCAD online?
A model of the Statue of Liberty?
What are your views on house husbandry and housewifery?
What should I get a 12 year old for christmas?
do you know a site for medical case report articles for free?
Who took over the presidency when Nixon was impeached?
who scored the first penalty in a world cup ?
what type of bullet does a ak47 use?
Why am I so effin' crazy?
does anyone know where all the letters are?
How do I get Network between two PCs?
Where can I get FREE downloadable Text Books?
How Do You Say Good Morning In Estonian?
why are muslims so crazy lately?
who will won pittbug or the browns?
what does china import?
Do all metals react with acids to forms salts?
Was there relationship between Jesus and Mary Magdaline?
what is network?type of network?
How much money did the movie  Forrest Gump cost?
last skier in the nfl?
how vertical storing works?
Does the cabbage soup diet work?
AVERAGE  weekly salary after taxes in the US??
do penis enlargment proccesses really work?
Does anyone like listening to Billy Joel?
why is research important to science?
Need to find Ralph Morris Fulghum Jr.?
Why is entrepreneurship so important to our economy?
Embarrassed?
how can i find out about advertising in ozone magazine?
Why is BLOODY a swear word?
Am I allergic to my earrings?
what causes fits in someone who gives up alcohol?
who created the laughy taffy dance?
Help! SAT II World History!!!?
Why did Pele have his first sexual experience with a boy?
Who appeared on the first cover of Rolling Stone magazine?
Hinduism forbids widows from marrying?
What was St. Bartholomew's symbol?
Ok help plz!!?
What do I need to persue a career in advertising?
Does anyone know who Matt Hicks Is.???
what the did seinfield guy say?
ive heard of this diet my cousin told me?
what is petty cash in a business?
What is the best way?
Which 2 Country Played the first test match?
what effect does trypsin have on cell detachment?
What congress number was it in June 2003?
are guys in panties and a navel pierced sexy?
please solve on immediate?
who do spectacular thinks is the cutest out of the  group?
How do you like My Avator?
Jennifer Aniston or Angelina Jolie?
what are the qualifications for a SAT essay?
what does the government hide from the people?
are there any famous anti-consumerists?
what should i do?
Was Math discovered or invented?
Gastritis -TEA MILK?
Are you using the new yahoo international sites?
Do you have any suggestions for websites for MY website?
Police Scenario Questions?
what is the capital of iran?
why do we have sugar armonds at weddings?
What is the most number of bug bites you ever got?
Would you hire an illegal immigrant?
what are the major kinds of rituals??
How do I calculate the present balance on a mortgage?
Has anyone ever done silent birth and what was it like?
any ex squaddies?
who do u think is going to win the nba championship?
What is your favourite qoute?
HELP PLeASE?
Copyright law on images question?
how can i cure my pimples?
how can you obtain plasma and serum from blood?
How do computers accurately track time?
how will the situation in iraq be resolved?
How do I get a new voter's registration card?
What kind of wood is used to make MLB bats?
Should I teach again?
do you prefer to be online or out with a Friend?
DO  I look gay?
Are employers in California required to give annual reviews and subsequent raises?
how to find love?
U.S.A what is a corn dog?
how old am i?
how do u know u are in love?
Getting rid of water-log?
Why do (some) Christians dislike the Jewish religion?
can this be love i am feeling right now?
How many premiership players are currently playing in the 2006 world cup?
losing weight for the military?
Is anybody else glad that Will and Grace is over?
What country was Roberto Baggio's second son born?
my omnibook 6100 not receiving power from battery?
can u name some good alternative bands?
linear equations?
bigger wheels?
Are there any young actresses who resemble Kelly Preston?
is there torture in israel?
Would You vote for Hillary Clinton in the 2008 election?
What do you think of the name "Johara"?
Heres a riddle for U!?
what are the points for?
can i apply for medicaid online?
what is the correct job find?
Can infidelity be proven through phone records ?
what is a salary of an assistant professor?
When is a curve broken or solid in graphing?
What's the best werewolf movie?
help with booting up xp?
120(14-6) showing all the steps?
Can an attorney go on jury duty?
In what language do expats think?
does it hurt 2 get ure belly pierced?
i hate my cuzin?
do you play neopets???
how do you look at the world from your computer?
my gf isnt the same anymore?
what do you put on a burn?
What is the average size of a soccer ball?
what is the best movie to see right now?
How do you?
What will be the next Mexican President In Mexico?
Do jam or marmelade contain any vitamins?
what should be done with iran?
Red Hat Society for younger women?
which arab country is strongest military?and why?
why are there sixty minutes in one hour?
12/5 rational or irrational?why?
Was a real penalty the one given to Italy?
non genuine windows?
Is study good for small child?
One of the famous american photgrapher?
In general why do Americans seem to reject other Religions?
I have a pain on my left hand side?
new to alot of things like...?
websites to track dvd rentals?
how is the biggest idiot in the world today?
how do u get a boyfriend?
help with math?
how many versions of deep note are there?
sir how i prepared for 12boardexam?
what is infromal amendment?
whats the name of that song?
how to shave ball without hurting one self?
Does anyone know who Daniel Hicks is?
why do we hiccup?
Ya like John Kerry anymore?
will i lose weight even if i dont exercise?
Whats your damage?
I need examples of just and unjust laws?
What do people hate fat people?
Is Tony Blackburn from Blackburn?
can u give me info on the middle ages?
For the free doctors in yahoo!answers?
Or is it just me or women who are?
Does anybody on here hate to be single?
What does Jefferson County Traditional Middle School look like?
can you tell me something about an anemone?
Who uses LTO Tape?
How can you get into teaching without a teaching degree?
This poor, poor boy.....?
just a question about us.?
what is your approval rating for bush?
where have all the men gone to?
hotmail account?
How come I cant lose anymore weight?
Why does my gf's breath smell like catfood?
is the European union just like Hitler's ideas?
whos lyrics are these-?
examine and discuss the importance of inventory management in the supply chain?
How can I get back together with my ex-wife?
what do i do?
Monty Brown leaves TNA for WWE?
What are some good myspace icon, graphics, layout sites?
what does "STAT" mean?
Would you consider a career in science? Why or why not?
Read/Edit my paper right now?
zygotic stage?
Why when i wake up my penis is up?
Vote for the best rock & roll band ever!?
what is 3-methyl fantyl?
What is your Job title?
Authoritarian mentality?
Have you heard this before?
Do you know the real reason gas prices are so high?
i like this one girl but...?
Who was the king of England between 1844&1864?
Who trades Pins and Exchanges Them?
question 4 'lettuceisgreen'?
Which one of the following is a characteristic of a metal?
i wanna know how to do an open mouth kiss?
What's the biggest company in the United States?
who is your best football player in Brazil team?
how do you get kids to leave on time for school?
World Series?
Any natural foods/supplements suggestions for bipolar?
who is rubicon?
what is the formula of kerosene?
what is the difference betwen meiosis and mitosis?
Where did the "Horse of a different color" come from?
Find real sports photos by Keith Stutes?
what is korean's zip code?
what is  lycopene?
Spansih - How do you pronounce...?
What exactly is a canker sore?
Give the functions of the cells found in a leaf ?
From what I've gathered...?
Do you mean what you say and say what you mean?
Basic Math Skills ?
Jiu-jutsu a good idea?
How do you think Argentina will do in the World Cup?
where can you read the bridge to terabithia online?
How long will the Bi-particant talk last?
What do you think of this engagement situation?
How do women deal with attachments in there relationships?
Where does the blue bird of happiness nest?
who is spartacus?
How can a girl attract  a boy?!?
Best research tools and tips?
i have question about chemistry...?
How much does an entry level accountant make?
Why are Christians today so radical in their beliefs?
How do I resize a photo for myspace?
How are stars (celestial bodies) given their names?
what does a cashew shell look like?
What degree do most ppl in congress hold?
how can i reduce some excessive fat around my waist?
looking for cheapest new ping titanium golf drivers?
does anybody know were to find a Han Dynasty Timeline?
How does evening primrose oil help PMS?
how do i do a reverse cell phone look up for free?
Why is Greek considered a critical language?
How can you get viruses off your computer??
Where to they get the feul for the space shuttle?
Itchy Feel In My Rectum?
Why does Herr Schumacher have a long face?
list four parts to the balance scale?
Wat is why?
New crush or long time \ngirlfriend?
should i buy gold?
On Mars, which polar cap is larger and colder?
Why do Baseball Players act so Twitchy?
what does the word pushive mean?
should i go to farmer's market tonite?
Been cond by a property ie real estate lawyer?
What is your fantasy of your partner to dress up  as?
What is the meteorologically correct way to measure outdoor temperature?
free 3d wallpapers?
Guys: when do you find a girl most/least attractive?
I like rock music any1 want to talk about it?
How do you read an email header?
Which of the following was written first?
Math Problem?
Best Band From Florida?
War Protesters?
Which sport is better?
Spanish - Volver!?!?
Anyone knows how to retrieve windows Administrator password?
Does the home business really make you rich?
Spring Balance Problem.?
who do u think is better Tupac or biggie?
what is copy editing?
how many times should i skip???
Is there a website where I can practice my typing?
how does piracy affect peoples lives?
Christmas in July?
Do you know of any good quiz websites?
what are the main differences between commercial banks and the central bank?
My monitor won't turn on?
How do I convert video files to dvds?
Dream Girl?
will someone give address to EPIC records please?
What happened?
any sure and tested way to quit smoking?
How does saving energy at home save natural resources?
What are some weird habits you have?
why the months vary in number of days?
Why do my eyes turn red at night?
how are temperature and solubility of a gas related??
is 15 years of education equivalent to bachelor's degree??
can somebody help me???
Who sang the title song to "The Hills Have Eyes" ?
what is volcano?
should marijuana be legalized?
who is the best metal band in the world?
GMAT Preparation?
Can you solve this puzzle?
What is the U.S.'s current GDP?
How much does an emergency room doctor get paid?
How many steps is travelling in the NBA?
who was the chicago cubs first ever pitcher?
netflix.com?
what is atarax used to treat?
how can one now  her  true suitor or husband?
how many religion are threre in the world?
how is math used in brain surgery ?????
who is ur favorite actress?
how to delet google search history?
oil and grease ppm level infish tissue?
how do you get rid of a hickey?
deleting music?
Is there anything roung with this?
Redheads? yes...no?
Hi:Can i install web cam on yahoo?
Will you join me in wishing Her Majesty a very happy birthday?
18th birthday gift for my boyfriend?? help!?
How dosystem call perform its particular job?
has anybody seen the open source flash messenger?
in the holocoust  did  some medical experiments worked?
Tuberculosis common name is?
another one from me?
anyone have a topographic map of England?
Where to go to spend holiday?
Mail server?
Computer help!!!?
Ladies what do ya think?
Are Filipinos the Mexicans of Asians?
Family Thing?
Baking Soda and Vinegar?
wat you fave song?
what is caused retina detachment?
If we only eat cold food, will we gain less weight?
entropy????
Am I doomed? Has somebody placed a curse on me?
Is anyone on here good at building toothpick bridges?
how do i get a scholarship in USA or UK?
comment on this .....?
How long will it take to start enjoying exercise?
Agree or disagree?
What was James Madison's influence on the Bill of Rights?
Will the Seahawn make the Super Bowl?
Can anyone explain to me the health benefits of coconut oil?
Should I go with my heart or head ??
How can i stay awake working night shift with little sleep?
anasthsia....is a female vocalist?
Why do men want to marry poor women from other poor countries?
what works good on ur skin???
How do i load pictures on to my ipod?
has Ghana been to the world cup before?
how do you bounce a ball?
What year did you graduate high school?
6th Wedding Anniversary - Any Ideas?
scholarships in the European countries?
Your opinion Do you believe in life on other planets?
what kind of utensils do jamaicans use.?
corporate culture and its effect on organisational performance?
A word for long, hard journey?
Right now, which Windows version are you using?
My firewall is causing problems between my laptop and desktop?
Does America really hate Canada?
What causes floaters in eyes?
which are the top mba institutes in india?
illicit drugs?
Why does the moon appear larger sometimes?
How do I get to message boards in finance?
Does anyone know what pleading paper is?
What actions can be taken to prevent landslides?
Gay female artists who kissed Barbara Walters?
santa clara county education job sites?
whos ronasha roberts?
What is your favorite verse in the bible?
Another Riddle. Have Fun . Happy 2006?
How do you make a gif. transparent?
Why is Bush so dumb?
why aren't boxers?
how do I find a job in Dubai?
Nuva Ring Question?
would you  do this ?
I need help for my spanish homework?
Have you ever read the whole Christian Bible?
Why is Google so popular?
what signs do i look for in a cheating partner?
American friends: Has Bush been humiliated?
who sings this?
Handcuff on corpse..?
Critical thinking?
How does Canadian national health care system work?
How many words?
Ladies, would you let ur lover go?
cheap 4 wheeler size is 150cc?
study french?
Do people with parkinson's disease make good lovers?
Does anyone know a workout to seriously burn fat fast?
FAFSA Question?
what can the law and parents do about runaway teens?
Where is Albert Einstien buried?
When will MS-13 stop being a gang?
What's a good full-body gym workout routine?
I know its illegal to desroy money but I need proof?
do you know anyone famous or have met any famous person?
How do I gain weight and waistlength?
I'm having a major jam here stressed out?
What is "Probably Wouldn't Be This Way" about?
why dose yahoo DSL go so slow?
Did the President ever lie to us - again?
Is Medea a Comedy or a tradegy?
tanline urgh?
What is the greatest lesson your parents ever taught you?
what did you think about saw 2?
deferred Djuication or defensive driving?
Does anybody understand why we are free?
what are the reasons for conflict in the middle east?
F1 car or 1000cc F1 bike? who will win?
What features should I look for when buying a new laptop computer?
Ladies, be honest!?
Worathom.com?
how can complete?
Fear of Aids?
Giant Fan?
how to replace us savings bonds that have beenlost?
Help! I need your VOTE!?
who here loves Gospel music?
slope of a line perpendicular to the line x = 4?
Why did President Bush kill my kitty?
guys proplems help!!!!!!!?
Looking for Nascar crash pictures?
Did prophet Muhammed have any miracles?
who thinks the Seahawks should win the super bowl?
When will you people get it?
Whos the fastest player in the NFL?
which certification is better? RHCE or Solaris?
do MySpace Profile Creators work?
where does love end and obsession begins?
what is barricades in samackdown?
Which superhero has the most movies to date?
???location???
How do I tell my ex....?
biggest shipping line?
Do you think England  should play Theo Wallcott?
How do i handle this problem?
Whats a good way to meet HOTT guys?
my math didn't cut this one?
Who likes the Sword?
How big is the radius of the earth?
who won the wold cup in 1978?
Who created Androids 13,14 and 15?
Crazy mother of a physics problem?
maxium age for olympic participation?
grant money to start a small busines?
Why is Liverpool FC The Greatest Football Team In The World?
how much does the average hispanic man earn per year?
Where can i find a ray charles research paper?
How do i improve my shooting ability?
What do you think of dreams?
differences between commercial bank, non-bank financial institutions?
Can you play a sport for a college but not attend one?
United Kingdom pound to US Dollar?
In a position function, when is the particle stopped?
What foods fight depression?
similarities and differnces between open-ended and close-ended?
Can I watch american idol episodes online?
what are some good pranks?
what social class are you from?
how is the Romeo and Juilet play similar to gangs?
does taking collagen tablets help you to stay young?
What are the career and family values of college going females?
who loves house music and whats your favorite house songs?
Uniform motion?Do objects really move Uniformly?
why if i sleep i can't weak up on time?
marcus williams?
What was the flag of Czechoslovakia around the year 1900?
How often did people take baths in biblical times?
who will finish 4th inthe seria a?
Children's day????
how to run jsp program?
How IT supports in business?
i need information on adhd?
Is Islam REALLY the religion of peace?
looking for a used electric golf cart under $2000.00?
please help me !?
Why did my holistic person say this?
Why do guys have to do that???
Please ansewer Fastest Rugby player?
What does your....?
drugs that causes urine changes?
how can you see others avatars?
I NEED YOUR hELP PLEASE?
Are there Bible verses to help with labor pain?
which animal is stronger a polar bear or a panda bear?
Lying is OK when?
False Student ID cards?
how does natural maintenance of biodiversity work?
Games minimize by themselves and i cant restore them.?
What's the best college for me?
What happened to Muhammad Hassan?
how to extend exp.date of my question?
when did chris brown have his first date?
What would be the perfcet date?
what town in New York is the National Soccer hall of fame?
what are the consequences of military spending for global peace?
Should wearing a seat belt be the law or an individual choice?
Is Tom Boonen really the new Eddy Merckx?
Difference between Shites, Sunnis, and Kurds?
what does hooking up mean?
What does it mean when someone says the spark has gone?
Should I buy China Mobile (CHL) now?
how many americans are employeed in america?
how can 1 get rid of sun burns?
City and guilds?
do you belive that fate determines all your life?
How many people are in here ?
where can i find a list of old tv lineups?
how do i join aarp?
Any opinions on Alienware computers?
How can I kick my scratch ticket addiction when I keep winning?
which is the most precious thing  for the man in the world?
Who do you think is the best fighter this year?
will i win the lottery this year?
What to look for before applying for a Credit Card?
Is anyone doing anything for....?
Where do you get a variety of good nerf balls?
what is aquents?
does a flat tax pay for the wealthy?
processes of undergone by biomolecules?
any one else got a problem with freeview tonight?
Did  Jndot23  make it to the show ?
who was the alexzander?
where can i pan for gold in virginia?
How do I start another yahoo email address?
Does anybody believe in a fantastic (unreal) creature?
what are somethings physcic people do?
Have you ever returned a pair of?
Where are receptors, channels,   and markers located?
Spell zucchini!?
any gay thais?
Is there any one earth?
How fast is 1.5Mbps?
Why do women live longer than men?
What do you think is....?
did beyonce and jayz get married or breakup?
what do you think about future?
why is ultra violet radiation increasing?
Help find this jeezy song?
what are the names of englands 3 lions?
How do you confront a moocher?
Who do u think will win the FIFA worldup 2006?
Do most people abuse welfare?
where can i search for people without a charge for anything?
etiology of ditheria?
Can anyone recommend a free or cheap alternative to WinFAX?
What are the formula masses of the following?
Third Watch?
Are Apple Computers better than PCs??
hi friends, what is life,without wife?
I am uncertain regarding my career choice. What should i do?
Possum.  Playing dead or really dead?
Why is everyone so afraid of being called a "racist"?
enable cookies?
Who are the greatest 'indie' band ever?
home work assignment; filipino subject::?
What is the coldest temperature ever recorded in Vancouver, BC?
Will Newcastle United get into Europe this year?
where can i get a poster of all 4 competitive swimming strokes?
Whats the Devils telephone number???
What the difference of spammer and scammers?
Electric guitar question...?
spanish woman?
what could cause numbness in your fingers?
Does anyone else find it weird that...?
anyone like gir?
Will water mess up my wool coat?
a calculation question?
what am i?
Would a guy like to receive a rose for Valentines?
Renting Rules of Thumb?
how does the sun's energy warm the earth?
one last question!?
How can I get a guy to like me?
what should we do on our second date?
How long will the superbowl last?
purple grapes or  green?
Why is a graphics card important on a notebook laptop?
Christian brother and sisters?
guys only!!?
Why hasn't Osama been found?
Why can the Divas competition held under the concern of sucking?
what mean :HBsAg?
Why did Totti suck his thumb when they won against Australia?
Would you rather wrap the gift or tear it open?
is it possible to increase the carbon content of mild steel?
Who wants to be an angel?
how do u think the raiders will do this year.?
Liquen Plano??traduction needed?
How can I detect if someone installed tracking software and remove it?
what do you think about holo causte?
what is sex?
The only email I recieve is Spam?
What Player hit the Longest Home Run ever recorded?
using snake venom to treat polio?
after stopping Obelit will gain weight again?
what is a good christmas present for my parents?
What has more weightage beauty or brains?
how much do u weigh and wuts ur height?
Are amino acid safe to take for weight loss?
Same mean old british guy?
plz help me with this chemistry?
is it normal that i have never met a black person?
easy ways to get arrested by cops?
Public schools teacher - what did your training include?
gullian barre syrdrome?
why do elder women go for young boys?
Best Laptop?
why is corrumption bad?
Does anyone know a good web sight on child custody court proceedings?
Does he love me?
What is your fave basketball team?
after long fasting or diet...?
how do i convert AVI file into EXE ?
What happen to bow wow and ciara???
who is ur favorite rapper or country singer?
Can anyone make up a O canada?
does any one like the tulsa zoo?
help.........please?
Do we pray enough?
Hmm, is there an 11th planet?
Whats the University of Bridgeport like?
who loves the iraqi ppl?
how to flirt successfully?
what is love ?
i need some love can you help ?
Of the contestants left who should win American Idol?
Calling all men?
whats the lowest (very first OS) out there?
why did europeans come to america?
What is the drug Ecstasy like?
who is the best charactor in the film grease?
Why does it keep taking me to resolved questions?
name a canadian-based company?
Has anyone been to a Rascal Flatts concert?
Who agrees?
how do you know if your in love?
Are donut holes fattening?
what was dora during ww1?
what is the significance of Jesus' death?
world largest server?
American Idol?
Awnser this?
what are mexicans going to do may 1st?
Who love the series 'LOST'?
Why are neighborhood meetings important to school and teachers?
how do I make the address bar reappear ?
how to protect data Folder ? to protect  data?
Do you know a good joke website or something funny?
what do you think of this poem?
will kobe play in game 6 against the suns?
about numerology?
how do I configure a ps2 emulator?
how do ladies feel about slim tall guys?
how to buy a mobile home?
what type of spider bite makes your bones hurt?
why is it that gay people cant get married?
Tell me about AREA 51?
Who let the dogs out?
read this question?
will me and my girl friend get merried?
How much does it cost...?
long form FIFA?
Pani Poni Dash!?
Now Taking Applications?
why is it hard to imagine hot girls taking a crap?
how much mortgage can i afford?
Who agrees that refs spoil the match?
Who will win SuperBowl XL?
Am I done?
What are the effects of HIV virus on the defence system?
i want to know about future telecommunication standards?
Overseas student want to study in New York, any good information?
when did the catholic chruch began???
Is anyone worried?????
what profession would you go into teaching or nursing?
Why does everyone....?
comment creer un club de football?
How to make a basement apartment legal?
funny quotes?
Guys Only: Boxers, Briefs, or Commando?
hoo here likes mini green i-pods?
immigrant president?
Should I choose The Navy or Airforce?
the last time ucla won the national basketball championship?
Kennedy's flexible response?
what was the greatest movie of 2005?
what amount of money would clear your debt?
How does Yahoo work? Can anyone explain in detail?
which country is socialism and which country is anarchy?
pat pet patted?
what is sensitivity analysis in mathematics?
What is your favorite scent from Bath and Body Works?
What is Wedding Peach about?
See Details Below?
Gerrard or Lampard - Discuss!?
will cahill again score away from home today?
what is a will bee pistol?
Emma Roberts Fraud?
Why Do I Attract Strange Guys?
How can I be a effective teacher?
i put question for social security benifits earlier?
what's the best razor blade?
Who can name all of the greek gods?
What is the best way to look for a job?
Where can a 20 year old girl play softball at?
what thoroughbred race day medications are allowed on race day?
important people in ireland?
Who do you think is the hottest celebrity?
Do you have words or phrases that "belong" to you?
what is my name?
what is another word for poor, good & nice boy??
Is reincarnation for real?
Life insurance for a relative of a cancer survivor?
What would make the world a better place to live?
Cigarettes & Depression?
is there a way to seduce a straight guy into gay sex?
whitch is heavier lead or gold?
How hot of a market is Costa Rica?
What's the best source for objective information on American Government?
MAC G3 External HD Lock-UP Problem?
Who is the best snooker player in the world??
does anyone know how to find names in bible code?
What is the coolest thing you own?
Do Liberals Love Hugo Chavez?
How many presidents was FDR related to?
is boyz worth going with?
tell me everything you know about segregation in the 1960s?
What is plutonium and why is it radioactive???
How much does the average marine biologist earn per year?
Who is bond?
do worms have a brain and can they feel?
physics question using kinetic and pot. energy?
Can you describe your body?
Arab/Muslim Girls only!!!!?
Where are genes found?
pictures of wwII planes,rivited steel plates?
Why is the movie Hard Candy called Hard Candy?
Do you Americans have Freedom of Speech.....?
Is it just me, or is Pro Basketball getting exciting again?
Anyone hear about Thierry Henry possibly going Real?
Can Lyrica cause numbness?
Who will win the '07 Super Bowl?
Best and worst Mobile home today?
Is there any alternative treatment for border line thyroid?
how can i pass the java courses this term?
Yahoo Messennger and AIM Protocol?
Drunk phone calls, what do they mean?
define government?
what kind of pitch do u thro to make it drop?
X-men  3 the last stand?
anyone like these singers or bands?
how many milligrams in one carat?
Can anything ever come from nothing?
Write 6.82 as a power of 10?
Who is Tim Woods?
Other than humans which animal is having HYMEN?
Should I forgive this person for something she did?
what is gravitational pull?
Will you please pray for my dad?
Where can I find a textmate?
Where do little bluebirds fly?
where can i find free html e-books?
do you have a AIM screen name?
Who is the best naruto character and why?
What tools do i need to reformat my computer?
What rank will Pittsburgh get in the NCAA Tournament?
Is the World Baseball Classic stupid?
Are Republicans idiots or what?
Where were you while we were getting high?
i need to know about Palestine?
Where can I find a vibrating horse saddle.?
How does a film reel work?
What is Jon D Kirgis's pro boxing record?
What is the difference between language  and dialect and dialect and accent?
When will UT Football Tickets go on sale?
what is the best dietary supplement on the market?
what is czech's republic movement?
Can't talk with girls.?
Who is Elizabeth Wilson?
why is the oahu creeper an endangered species?
How do I trace the owner of a fax number?
How Do You Get In The C.I.A.?
Your Faith?  - a horrific geographic accident?
way display ang monitor unsay daot ana?
girls perspective-(guys can help if u can)?
Are some colleges easier to get through than others?
why get married?
what program do you use most on your computer.?
Who is the stig on top gear?!?
Would you vote for him?
penis problems causes and treatments?
Rosetta stone?
Are elephant tusks hollow inside?
friends!!!?
Where could you download free complete...?
Need help!?
Going to Iraq soon.Any advice on these things?
Have any moms developed intense feelings for their sons?
how long can police keep a person in jail before trial?
Just wondering?
Does anyone know how to contact a celebrity?
how many of the 55 delegates in 1787 were slave holders?
Who else think the public has been cruel to Anna Nicole?
What is the treatment for ingrown toenails?
my ex is jealous of my new bf what to do ?
do women like men who are driven or laid back?
What would be the best thing you could dream about tonight?
What majors should I focus on to become a lawyer?
Whore Clowns?
How can one stop using PROZAC?
Somewhere I heard that matter was made from nothingness?
I need help with my chem lab?
Did bush listen to my calls?
do ou think prince is gay?
Do bruises go back to the original colour of the skin?
Is NYC a good place to work with computers?
What is and how do I obtian a prayer language?
What inspires you?
Can penis size be increased? How?
why do people drive faster in the rain?
how do u get freshman to have intercourse?
how can i launch a beverage shop in the most attractive manner?
Where can i find child molesters in my area?
what are some other sites like myspace.com?
What is the difference between traditional and simplified Chinese?
How fast is a gorilla?
Opinion question for movie watchers of all ages?
I have to solve for x?
Why are younger girls growing bigger breasts these days?
Who watches....?
Ok Let's just say there is a world alliance.?
what the 5 major river and lakes in winsconsin?
Oil alternatives?
Help please?
from bollywood to islam?
how do my sims get ingaged?
nother question?
whats more fun in or out? why?
I need the name of a music artist.?
How do you get rid of the hiccups?
What are the top three rivalries in pro football?
Is it true that cucumber is also good for diabetes?
where did avogadro's number come from?
What is better Yahoo! Mail Plus or Yahoo! Mail Beta?
who will win the nba this season?
End points of a graph?
can i grow taller once I have turned 18????
where can I rent a laptop computer?
How do you deal with oppression?
What song are you listening to right now?
what is the song called featured in Dead Like Me?
The worst emo band ever?
If you had...?
Losing wiegt prolemas??
Why do some people here nitpick others spelling?
How can I get money to pay for graduate AND law school?
Referring URL information in clicks within feed readers?
Why did God disappear?
if all Human beings are descended from.....?
Dose Iraq is more safer than before it invasion ?
Should I Leave Him Alone?
internet question?
what is the real name of sachin  tendulkar?
where was st george born?
Why is it that people consider The Daily Show the news?
metal with highest electronegativity?
political quotes...?
how do you go about making a homemade geyser?
do sharks sleep?
Does anyone have any information on the Sarquist family?
I been married 16 years?
Name two U.S companies in France?
Does anyone know the title to these song lyrics?
Could you tell the difference between civilian and militant in Irag?
Am i pretty?
how much insuline does the pancreas contain?
plastic surgery.?
Can you publish a research paper outside a university?
What is the color of a healthy semen?
What % of your weight is blood?
How do you turn pounds in to ounces?
how do i loose weight with no exercise,only diet?
Do you think that depression is a sickness?
how to make the cheer squad?
Ladies only plz.?
does torry wison make you horny?
is it against the law to refill your prescription early?
should American government get involve for their people?
How do I get rid of SBC Online Protection?
How do i convert measurements?
why do people iove ?& why should feel now?
any 1 from the uk?
How do I find a software programmer?
Why is egg white suggested as an antidote for lead poisoning?
do boys really care about you or not?
the second continental congress lasted?
What whould Jesus do?
Why is GOD like the guy on the bus?
Using a plasma or LCD tv for a gaming monitor?
Baseball scoring question?
what are the formal requirements to vote in the United States?
do u think salma hayak is sexy?
would you wanna be with someone who...?
what time does the French have lunch?
Automated daily file and folder backup?
Best guitar solo.....?
Where can I find goods to sell on eBay?
Is there an expiry date to this relationship??
how do navigators use trigonometry?
negative numbers math test?
Any good food marketing sites?
What do you white guys think when you see?
break.....how long???
nautical star colors and their meanings?
A British Haka?
Can you answer this question?
what is it about honey that makes your face so soft?
How do we solve Physics problem fast and accurately?
Would you tell or just leave it alone?
Does anyone else here really enjoy the hunting section?
hey What did u think about American idol on wed?
What should I do?
About hydrogen.?
is there life after bankruptcy?
history of sheep pen?
what is the difference between net and Internet?
why is the new jersey smoking ban not considered unconstitutional?
Keyboard mistake?
Where is Career counseling center in Pakistan?
how can i ask a girl if she loves me, too?
Where do you work?
how do i stop being so clingie to by boyfriend?
I need help!!!!!!!!!?
Which NFL franchise has the best winning percentage since 1995?
what is oxokerite?
where xp stores its admin passwords in files?
What is the function of DNA?
Can I watch the NHL finals via the internet?  How?
What is waves?
Does women experience orgasm and are absolutely satisfied.?
is there any decent firework displays in the wigan area?
Why are most of the good Brazilian players from poor upbringings?
Where is this quote from and what are the exact words?
what are the 10 best movies you ever saw?
i need help with maps and scales in math...?
Who has gone bankrupt here ?
Should Christians belong to lodges and masonic orders?
Live-veil-evil      What come to mind?
How much can an MBA earn?
what is the deiffrence between DVDs and CDs?
Is Dick Cheney America's sweetheart?
How do you save dvd movies into your computer?
What is snow made out of?
cannot connect to the internet?
what is group stressors in organisational behaviour?
how do i record on a mic?
whic team is the best..Why????
Could I attract the girls more?
401k penalty???
I've started crying after sex?
More Respect...Air Force or Navy?
Should Christians use Pascal's Wager to defend their faith?
Can I use the apple bluetooth mouse with a pc?
how do i get a girlfriend?
About the device called a cilice?
What is the difference between fighting and standing up for oneself?
whats wrong with him?
How do i eliminate belly button lint?
Who thinks the clippers are tight??
Is Willie Nelson Gay?
famous celebrity?
what is portal frame?
history and literature are closely related?
How do you find the area of an oval?
computer sci question?
What are your feelings on Bush's plans for immigration?
Will ne ladies be my g/f?
how can i run downloads on my os x?
what a goal!!!!?
Has Dubai given $50 million to Hamas?
HELP PLEASE i need to know?
Shampoo, rinse, repeat?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
Where can I find military hardship example letters?
What steps to take if you are assaulted inappropriately at work?
Does car release out carbon monoxide or dioxide?
doing a project: i have to create a politician?
What do I do now?
Do you think that we will ever have peace in the world?
Know how to get relief from hot flashes?
whats the age to most people have sex???
Why are beer cans tapered at the top and bottom?
A women question.?
What is the best age to start violin lessons?
Take this survey 4 10 points?
is it true that sailor moon has the most barefoot moments?
can yahoo send my current password to my alternate account?
how do i get added to someones 360 page?
Let the crying begin?
Where on the internet can i find free adult movie downloads?
What is the worst thing that the US has ever done?
what do you look for?
what is chimeric enzyme?
help smart history peeps!!!?
Which would be worse?
Why Do I Always Have Red Cheeks? =/?
Reincarnation: what's more logically just?
Prove this result:?
how do i  get a application to drive Santas sleigh?
Are we going to win any match in south africa?
is there anything wrong with being a 16 year old virgin?
im from australia and i want to be an actor?
discuss the implementation of price control after natural disaster.?
what is Carl Linnaeus famous for?
tv tuner card for pc?
what united states labor laws affect redundancies?
What should I get my bf for Valentines Day?
How many vertices are on a 3D cube?
Do i have to go to work today????
when playing guitar...what is improvisation?
how do i block a user on myspace?
Is it bad to refuse a kiss?
how was education for children during the Harlem Renaissance?
Whats an effective way to get rid of a sore throat?
If Jesus was a carpenter...?
SLOW or FAST?
Please i want now about mike tyson?
Can you make grammatical sense of these words?
is eating plums beneficial in any way?
What is Google's IP address?
need good plans for a Cushman eagle frame?
What's the nicest thing someone ever did for you?
Will the USA win the world cup?
do you use spell check when asking/ answering questions?
how me and my husband can live in usa legal?
I would like to track down my student loan information.?
Nuclear attack question?
what is fair compensation for an independent catering sales contractor?
Do white guys...?
bratz computer ac adapter jack?
What is the best chinese food in new york city?
I need a good question to ask an interviewee.?
How can u get rid of a smoker's cough?
any ohio state buckeye fans here?
when will i find my true love?
how do i access criminal records online?
Okay guys, can you please tell me..?
is discharge with blood o.k during  pregnancy?
what is the fluid inside a cell?
sleep fast with no drugs?
I want to find out a song?
Brokeback Mountain didn't win Best Picture?
what hapens wen u drop a duck egg?
How many Thanksgivings did the Clinton's celebrate in America?
Hip Joint Pain...?
Worry about Naruto?
How do you write a bibliography??
do you think islam will fight europe and USA ?
In biology, what is the term incomplete dominance mean?
How do you clean a computer of the kwbot worm?
does a capital loss have to be applied to income?
wat is the exact date of mother's day?
Why are most goalkeepers No. 1?
How can i quit school and homeschool?
Burning sensation on my gums?
Can the Nigerian Government use Voting Machines?
Will a DVD drive also play CD's?
try this--an average speed question?
in todays house episode....?
who died and put you in charge?
Really sad songs?
i want to ask a disease called mole(masa)?
(Center of Gravity)?
can bush ever be impeached?
what is a preparation block in relation to computer terms?
Answer this question if you dare?
what is the importance of electronic mail in today's world?
Is Rome of Florence the capital of Italy?
Hard math problem on global warming?
what are the components of database system?
shall i keep giving him attention or more space at this moment?
How  will I stay young at age 40?
is mastrubation harmful?
what are the mix measurements for 2-cycle fuel?
Where can i find interesting facts about presidents?
Who is the worst footballer ever to play for England?
homework help?
Wayne Rooney is injured?
how do you know if you are pregnet?
If you are a left-handed guitarist answer this..?
help my son please?
More lies?
can d server know the sites we open?
What is good for a sinus infection?
for what disease is microdox tablet used to cure?
joke for you?
Lukin for a drummer and/or bassist?
george best fiver how do you get one?
is it wise to..?
Could someone please explain the butterfly effect?
What happened to the Crucifix Jesus died on?
Death of an immediate family members?
what is a skill that people should master in?
where can i download milkbones song  keep it real?
What is HEGIS code?
another hard math probablity?
Who loves the crusders?!!!?
Time dilation equations?
what happened to the wrestler?
Who agrees with online dating?????
What Are some good Candian bands out there?
What wavelength is a black light?
what companies support glaad?
traits of a Virgo?
who is jwala in prithaviraj chauhan?
what is the difference between hindus and sikhs?
What is an AMX Patriot? Is it a bicycle?
How do you tell if your computer is wireless ready.?
Why did I enlist?
how to improve our mind power?
Ahhh Genetics Help Please!?
Who will go first in the NFL draft?
What should we do??
i think its broken?
whom will i marry and when?
when should you start getting serious about your child's education?
What to say to ignorant people?!?
why do people needs to hurt and to sacrifice?
How do lawyers use math ?
Is the war in Irag a failure for American people?
how many countries in the world?
Who is single?
Why am I getting all doughy in the middle?
Reasons to live?
can the antigravity machine truly revolutionise space travelling?
How will  room-temp. superconductor affect our lives?
Where is the best holiday destination?
Wut am I supposed to do with this friend???
How can we develop our country?
Should i send back his earrings?
Break-up, handling the situation?
what do you think of reservations in private sector?
Is Ali G going to do another season in the US?
What is dating does that includes physical  intercourse?
What perfume is best for me?
How do you attain your maximum heart rate?
how can i learn to ride a bike through online?
Why is the moon yellow instead of grey?
I wish ... I wouldn't wish. How?
Why are u not excepting my visa debit card?
Radiology/Radiotherapy?
who has the highest points at yahoo answers?
What iz x- axis & y-axis?
Are yellow fever and malaria the same thing?
how do i find information on the home im buying?
where can i download full new release movies?
i would like to know the      offenders website address, please?
can I take hot baths when I'm pregnant?
need help with physics problems?
A G.W Bush question?
where can i find ALL the rules of gymnastics?
the metal which can join well with the glass?
where is the michael jordan outlet?
Adopting a new accent?
How do you read a scale on a floor plan?
Who got kicked out of American Idol last night??
how many among u believe that islam is true n y?
Is it wrong to shave against the grain?
Who is the greatest American musician ever?
Select the next letter in the sequence: C A R R?
hey i need info on everything u know about ohio.?
Where can I find a free Corel Draw 11 download.?
how can i get rid of the hiccups?
what do girls look for in gyes?
Can you give me tips on how to get over an ex?
does countries are rich in global village?
How does a bipolar woman act?
How much doe's DSL cost?
why do pages on the internet load so slow?
What do women want most from a man?
what is a field in mathmatics?
Who holds the most men's tennis titles?
what is the opening song for the oc called?
Which place is better Knotts or Six Flags?
What to say?
what is the best footbal tim in Iran?
What websites are similar to sparknotes.com?
When was Savin Corporation bought by Ricoh Corporation?
what website can i look up for inmates in prisons?
how blue is the green side of the sun?
is 18 and 15 too far of an age to be dating?
Where is Ami ?
Is livewire,kazaa, and beershare legal?
when did you propose for the first time? can be descriptive?
How to become an indenpendet to pay for college?
is the da vinci code novel based on facts?
Why do people think that rock music is for crazy people?
who will win the world cupof football?
Who is the most talked about college basketball player this year ?
Is it gay ......?
what about yesterday's match?
What form of matter is lightning in?
is wwe a real thing or its just fake wrestling?
What is Bloom Technology?
who got voted off of survivor last week?
Men, What's your favorite attribute on a woman?
How can I focus more in class and learn more?
Who likes the name Lisa?
Under what conditions does the AFN equation gives satisfactory predictions?
i ahve question?
I need fuji seiki electroplating machine detailed description?
at what times may the Australian flag be flown?
What is the best sport ever?
What will be a good  present?
Do You think Jessica Simpson and Tony Romo will get Married?
Is GM  foods good for world hunger?
how big can a dick get?
why are cops so mean?
what is the best virus protection software?
what is a good heathly vegetarian diet?
who are better cats or dogs and why?
when is the census taken?
can anyone tell me how to start a small business for kids?
songs about freedom?
Has anyone seen the movie "swimming pool"?
Why do women complain about men leaving the toilet seat up?
Can i ask a question?
who has made the world record in 100 m race?
who discovered the fifa world cup?
Somthing to think about...?
Where can I find the actual language for military contracts?
Who sings this song?
what is allen iverson life goal ?
How far will affirmative action go?
What is SYBASE and How can I learn it?
What do you do?
What is the North american touchscreen market size?
what gift do i get for a mother who has everything?
What does this saying mean to "you"?
Legally blond?
Does any body know the history of kiss?
Can you anytime be sure of real love?
How do I clear up my credit?
Gay marriage for example ?
why don't cops like internal affairs?
Radiology tech. programs in illinois?
Curt Shilling Necklace??
Isn't Yahoo Answers is like internet crack?
looking for an assay office-for gold and silver?
Why does my face look so irritated all the time?
Has the President ever lied to us?
Can you join the military if you have dystonia?
what is the format for writing a screenplay?
can you guess three of the things stuck in my retainer?
Is it too early to think about marriage?
What was the temperament and political philosophy of Andrew Jackson?
What causes an ear infection in adults?
Outsourcing American jobs?
Why sea water salty in test?
where can I find ICPor Wicked Clown doll makers?
how do i get rid of my history on internet explorer?
Why do girls get worked up on the way they look?
what is the condition of the worlds politics today?
Help on Cotton?
what is psychogenetic?
what was the teenage culture in the 1960s?
is rapidshare.de leagal?
why is my girlfriend ignoring me?
How can i become a better boxer?
Is cowardice past down generaration to generation among liberals?
Can stating one's opinion be considered a crime?
aim-no away msg?
is there a s-e-x guide in iran?
Someone help me?
Fav. movie??
God's name?
Do men really have nicknames for their "units"?
Why didn't the U.S. kill Saddam Hussein?
I know some of you girls out there are?
Is myspace just a fad?
what is serialization in java?
How do you graph inequalities involving conic sections?
does anyone know about the mlm business called exe series?
What are some great backpacker rap songs?
Drop Morgan Ensberg for?check below?
Is my picture ugly?
Good video?
One the Wal-Mart's Move Along Deluxe Edition?
does he like me?
When is the last time the ice age end?
does anyone know any company mottos?
When did world war two ended?
what is the time for Kentucky Derby race?
Can cocaine be considered a gateway drug, and why?
what to do if you're stuck in the traffic?
Who believes in Witchcraft?
Does my topic seem ok for the science fair?
who invented the electric chair?
who is the best team in the nba?
What top five qualities/characteristics should a guy have?
How much should a wedding singer charge?
don't you think that life is really simple?
what is the highest point in sabine county texas?
How many touchdowns has Hines Ward made in his career?
Are you as smart as a rat?
Question about USB flash drives?
why do we have to knee when we pray?
How old do you have to be to be on American Idol?
i love this guy! does he love or like me to?
Find a Function that satisfies the following conditions.?
what are some skeletal sickness?
Is COLLEGE Diploma  a necessity?
Names for an event company?
what are the four goals of the progressivism ?
Who's your favorite singer or group?
What should I get my 14 year old boyfriend for Christmas?
the 10th person?
Is the Denver Broncos doing the right thing?
How do you graph each function for the given domain?
What was He-man's girlfriends name ?
who holds the most superbowl titles?
how would u know its the right time to get married?
can i give you a foot massage?
where can i get cannabis from legally?
please help me write an essay!!!?
Where can I learn about shorting and going long on stocks?
Why is she feeling pain on her right breast?
do you think that this is right?
Anything funny happened at Halloween?
HELP!!!!Please!!!?
Anyone noticed that Russia is rising against the USA?
how does one know if they're republican or democrat?
how do you start a business on ebay?
has anybody been asked for help by nigerian people?
Is Shania Twain hot or what?
What makes you think it is your God?
Wat is this song? artist also?
see question below?
Planning a Christmas theme wedding?
I need journals on companies dealing with office gossip?
Can you help start my church?
anyone know a good website to find skateboards?
what is the name of the best soccor player?
what is it called when one person has two sets of DNA?
how do you get rid of mosquito bites?
Help pleaaaaaaase!!!!!?
what are the causes alcoholism?
What is the best way to lose weight fast?
how many senators per state?
why use condom the time making love?
What is the best kid's comedy show?
find distance between these points:?
i need my new verson homepage back?
What legally constitutes a murder?
Did my boyfriend propose?
does anyone here live in Portland connecticut?
What do you like to do during your spear time?
Historical Reverse look up websites???
What did you think about the 'Da Vinci Code' movie?
waht are some songs to warmup before a big game?
Friends with benifits?
I search for good weblogs about New York city?
what does II timothy 3:5 mean?
am i the only one not feeling omarions music?
Why are some Americans so ignorant?
does anyone know of any really good quotes sites?
How do i identify minerals?
Weather man spanked with a Chardonnay?
Who feels pity for 'neparis2001'?
what is honeymoon ??
what are the benefits of distant learning from a students perspective?
Most beautiful creature on this planet?
Why are we here?
When and where is the Premiere for The Blood Diamond?
What is the best T.V. show?
What to do?
Any Bankers?? I have a general question.?
Who's better - Elvis or Ricky Nelson?
Muslims killing muslims?
how do i start a rock band?
If we hate our politicians, why do we vote them?
what is the differnce between financial institution and banks?
please name this song?
Was Jonah any less of a Prophet because he Ran away?
Why did Yahoo steal $50 from my credit card?
If you could have one superpower what would it be?
Should we be allowed to move aroung naked?
How can you stand to work the night shift?
Should the USA build a wall across the USA/Mexico border?
Does anyone have tips on how to talk dity in bed?
Best bar in Dublin ?
how to design potato storage?
What is agnosticism?
Are there any libertarian radio shows?
medication for decreasing the liver enzymes alp,alt?
how many mitochondria in a human muscle?
what is the best way of remebering the unit circle?
easy on why television is harmful to the society?
Reset BIOS password in HP notebook?
c2,G,g relation?
is the E.B.P.M. real?
what is Mississippi's population?
what is a good defenition of equipment accountability?
Which came first the chicken or the egg?
is ocean air or beach air helps the lungs healty?
i am searching for the WTVD ACC brackets for basketball?
What is muscle jack?
when did the sky-lab grounded on earthe and where?
Can a person file another person in a common law marriage?
How do I get him to leave me alone?
whats a vigiana?
Canon IP1000 printer is printing blank pages?
who was the best Red Sox player ever?
help me again please?
How to write faster ?
anyone who like Pink Floyd?
Can you stand people that are hypocrites?
who will win in boxing de la hoya or mayorga?
Do you watch p o r n?
What's the best Photoshop version to use?
i am looking for the guidelines for a tin mortgage loan?
Who else out there is short?
What are some popular backpack companies?
What is the best online site to order custom air force ones?
How Many People Do You Think Are Going To Hell?
punch line for fast moving consumer goods?
email signature on the bottom How do I change this?
How do you say "midfielder" in spanish?
what does emphatic mean?
Can you still receive financial aid if you are incarcerated?
how do worms reproduce?
stanley garage opener want to price new one on line?
Looking for a really cute quote..?
what are dreadlocks?
which was the first English club to win the European cup?
if you could have any powers what would they be?
What would you do?
How will dropping a class with a w affect my GPA?
by law can u force someone to take a dna test?
How to rid acne scarring on the back?
where can i find it?
Why Why Why?
What is your dream job?
do you believe in curses?
Is carbon dating accurate?
what does AM & PM stand for?
What makes you feel wicked?
build muscle?
what  does your liver do for your body?
is war a good thing for the us?
how do I gain the perfect weight ?
How to say 'what' in the following languages?
has anyone has a hard time falling to sleep?
What are the negative impacts of illegal immigration?
What does Christian Disciple Mean?
What is tagging?
what percent of the day is spent listening?
erion bogdani ?
can you describe new lave positions ?
Wht is SLTTER Act?
Why should homosexuals be allowed to marry?
Where is the E7 Note on an Electric Guitar?
Who do you like more (Part 3)?
are there any  undergraduate courses in "human resource management"?
Do butterflies remember being caterpillars?
Goal , Target , Object?
What is science?
Is Josh Groban Married??
Youtube help - how can i get more views?
Are reindeer and caribou the same thing?
Girls what age did you stop sitting on your daddys lap?
Where do warts come from?
Can you die from eating/drinking too many grams of protein?
How much does the earth wiegh with people on it?
why don't i see the yahoo toolbar?
What can I do to get popular?
helping hand trying to contact as many people as i can find?
knowing what kind of genes I have?
What is your favorite college logo or mascot?
So why in the world did you put them in office?
what do you know about Tasmania?
Who else thinks.....?
What is one thing that turns you off?
is religion the same as relation?
what movie are they talking about when they say ditto?
What is Zapdata?
is there a death after life?
what's the best Yo' mama joke?
Why is the Niger river important?
Can't we all just get along?
where does jari litmanen play?
whether i got police department job?
Is anyone seeing John McCain on Meet the Press?
What exactly happens when some one is suspended from yahoo?
how many feets in 1 meter 73 cm?
a good position or a good salary?
Who's actions have gotten more people killed?
how do i get my g/f back?
I quit my job...?
How do i tell a guy i love him?
what are the properties of non-living things?
Where should I apply for a county process server?
How do you beat a drug test?
Is he loving me and someone else?
Bush asked GOD 4 war?
What can i do about itchy legs?
HOW CAN i WRITE A CV?
Does anybody know who the Dawoodi Bohra Muslims are?
when will California be legalized for gay marriage?
what do crystals do?
9/11 conspiracy theories facts and reality.?
urgent prayer request?
who scored most goals in one world cup tornament?
How do I keep the carb cravings down?
were can i fine daytona tickets ?
Are you the one?
what does shakira's name mean?
How do i get him to talk to me?
where can I find a good resource for ajax?
when will i die?
Need help dealing with anger problems!?
what is rose colored gold.?
who is Mr. Gandhi of border?
What is the french word for cheese?
What is your fav. mag.?
Is credibility of college gpa's lost?
How do I protect myself on a message board?
How do i get power of attorney from my parents in Illinois?
what is macoroni and cheese?
Can people still buy Ephedrine?
illegal imigration????
how to connect to the tarot cards?
What did you get on your ACT or SAT?
what does Elizabeth Helen Blackburn invent?
Should I date someone from Mexico?
who is your least favorite player in the nhl?
pls suggest me some good colleges?
How to make your own website?
Have u ever been into lust only with no feelings?
Where is the metalcore genre emanating from?
CHEMISTRY importance?
How do you fit  exercise into your busy schedule?
Long Distance relationship - need more, what should i do?
Are Scientologists and Mormons planning a hostile takeover?
What kind of resources are fouond in South Africa?
Clerical jobs for a minor?
So did O.J. do it or not?
how do you find a job in your area?
Do u still have feelings for your first love?
why do we have to have this cold weather ?
what is the best  freely available antivirus software on the net?
Who loves Marty Casey & The Lovehammers?
What is the current climate regarding the regulation of business?
what do boys look for in a girl?
how do you make a pencil?
how do i warm up before a long walk?
When will it end?
MRI/CT scan a option?
What is Russ Feingold's position on abortion?
Does Chuck Norris ever get sick?
how do i get a copy of my highschool diploma?
How many questions does it take to bankrupt your points?
Why do people abort babies/fetuses?
How can I make my ressume??
Which ties were popular in the 1870s?
What is HelloWorld And How can I Start?
Is Camp Cosby fun?
What is a variable in the Scientific Method?
what is 10% of $455.00?
Which nation will host in 2014 FIFA World Cup?
Who is the best legend?
Plz explain "his blushes were saved?
backyard explosive recipe?
Has God taught humans how to have a sex?
can you drink small amount of seawater?
Neo-Cons in denial?
Better put semen question?
Are you a morning, daytime, evening or night time person?
france is not as good as in paper??
What's the best and worst Zeppelin album?
How many times Brazil won the world cup?
how do I get out of an hangover?
WWJD w/ Modern America?
Can somebody help me with this calc question?
Not Saying.......?
5 mile track how fast on the second lap?
Who is the #1 baseball team for 2006?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
Do you want to support our troops?
what is one advantage to tracking meteors sonically?
how to create a free mp3 website of your own ?
Do cheetahs get the runs?
is it packbell.net or pacbell.net?
In softball, what is "slugging percentage'?
how long should a person wait after a divorce to start dating?
Does anyone else think Dwayne Wade is Super Sexy?
When is the Kruskal-Wallis test used?
Suggestions for a bachelor party?
how to get webcam to stop freezing up?
is it possible to live in MARS?
do u think iran will be one of the finalist team?
which is known as sea vampire?
Why do Americans choose to play American football over any other sports?
Why do LDS switch to their scriptures to prove their religion?
Why don't some kids like afterschool activities?
Have you seen Blood Moon?
Eating disorder...?
Are Canadians responsible for the actions of Canadian Geese?
what is the average penis size?
What is Proxy Server?
application areas of liunx.?
What happen to Randy Savage (Macho Man)?
How did Edward Leedskalnin build Coral Castle in Florida?
How to forget him?:(?
How do I convert into mp3 in windows media player?
What Will and Grace star was also a movie star in 2005?
whats a good name??!!!???
Tenacious D: Pick of Destiny?
Problem with my private.?
problems with starting with PC?
what is an obligate intracellular pathogen?
does contraseptive pills can cause cancer?
the active material in cchocolate?
Homework Help?
why tonly blair is greatest leader of the world?
what are the most interesting things about england?
What rules you more,your head or your heart?
how do i stop being nervous? does smoking affect it?
who is the biggest person in this world?
What do you think about the engagement of Turkey in the EU?
How to drop domestic violence charges in the State of California?
Why is Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in Malacanang?
Splotchy shoulders?
Is it un-American to build a fence?
What is the ultimate gift for a man?
Why is that so?
What do you think of dirty toilets?
how will the midterm elections effect the economy?
what are the meaning of molecules?
why do they push??????
Is Sushi bad for a person with type2 diabetes?
How do fish keep themselves clean?
are u happier with or without someone?
To delete account in Friendster?
would you marry an  illegal alien for  money ?
any recommended skin care products for African-American male?
where can i get essays upto 1000 words on discipline?
Does any one else find Internet explorer 7 tool bar horrible?
Why do guys use cheesy pick up lines?
Does anyone know what a frenulum is?
help! i need this asap!?
Is Wal-Mart Price-Matching for Black Friday?
What kind of bee goes around scaring other bees?
who likes the O.C.?
Help I'm Lost in C# Again!?
looking for space alien hands?
Which two republican figures resigned one week prior to the 06 elections?
What is the best chemical to put in my pool?
what are catecholamines?
How can I increase my energy levels or am I too old?
What are some natural ways to deal with male hair loss?
how do u do a darkslide on a skateboard?
What does SCUBA stand for?
Being gay, choice or fate?
what acid and base can you use to prepare a salt?
Will you forgive your love one...?
Global Government.?
how is epidemic different from disease?
How is mosquito's life cycle?
Are u intelligent??????
Would you steal????
why d-i-c-k becomes small?
i need help?
aren't you afraid?
I cant remember the routine?
why is Robbie Williams so hot for males?
4 boys and gurls?
how can i shutdown Idle Speed Control for mercury Motor?
How do you set up a VPN?
Is this great or what..?
Medical People LIE!!!?
Name Canadas' third Prime Minister?
I had a urine test done at the Dr. office?
How do you fix any ICOM's errors?
Bang, Bang, You shot me down.?
Al-Zarqari was killed, Good or Bad?
Who was the original GOTH girl?
Dose anybody have Comcast cable?
How do you heal?
what is the meaning of the rotation and revolution?
What classes do I need to take in Pre-Pharmacy school?
Why did NASA staged the Landing of Man on the Moon?
how to find an court date.?
what u think of my song?
About Terrorist Torture?
my penis is 7 inch is that decent size?
how can i see profiles without opening yahoo messenger?
what is the effects of emotional intelligence on teen violence?
Is this rude?
Whatever happened to Sonny Sixkiller?
How much does the lumber department pay at home depot starting?
Is Gospel singer Romance Watson still singing?
how to get us visa?
Why are girls so worried about their weight?
What sport had the first all star game?
Hebrew and other languages.?
how much calories does 600 pounds have?
What colour is yak's milk and why ?
Should the US stay the course  in Iraq just like the UN?
Pursuing a career in sales?
are replicas fake?
Christmas Trees?
What's your favorite European movie?
what's the best mark of candom ?
Who else hopes they make Titanic 2?
Why does hair grow faster in Antarctica?
Are stars planets? Do they have moons?
If you saw Jesus with a stiffie?
NORETHISTERONE..for my honeymoon?
Do you ever just talk like a pirate because you want to?
It's the pits isn't it?
Can anyone recommend some good Independent movies to rent on DVD?
What is Shay's Rebellion?
what does silent cal mean dealing with Calvin Coolidge?
How to reboot my Pc?
what is the largest stadium in the usa?
Where is the pagan religion most practiced?
Survey - What colors is the interior of your microwave?
what is brouhaha?
Why does the Earth have a magnetic field?
Does anyone know what this is?
How do you protect your home from ghosts?
When did you become sexy?
How do I go about finding a doctor for my neck problem?
Tax implications of being given a house?
True or False?
How many calories are burned?
Do you know something about INDIA?
how do i fix my computer color to normal?
Help! Should I Tell Him I like him!?
Who would win a fist fight between George B or John Kerry?
Where can i find .....?
Do you know a D. Hirning?
which cricket team will win world up 2007?
what to eat?
where to buy an austrailan football top?
Do you eat salmon?
Who is your favorite Movie Star?
when is nanotechnology invented?
need driver for a motorola v220 camera phone?
how do your congigate the french verb aller?
Do I seem to be interfering too much?
how can i crack a nutool sf10 safe?
How do I go about obtaining an FFL?
Is my friend rony a fool ?
Request for Validation?
Is there possible that I can make generator without any fuel?
Is Brett favre coming back for another season?
What is the "10 run rule" in college baseball?
What is your prayer?
Teaching a 10 y/o to fight...?
When is it better not to use custom animation and transition effects?
who has heard of PRIMUS?
Doctor Physical?
how do you get rid of Hemorrhoids?
HIV and Aids?
How does TinyURL do it?
What is wrong with my throat?
Do people call psychic networks?
what are causes of environmental pollution?
compare and contrast the Arctic and Antarctica?
The English English  plural spelling of January and the name Billy ?
is it true u cant upgrade laptops?
Don't you just love it?????
I need a job in Pittsburgh any ideas?
How pressure vessile works in RO system?
What can we do to make church less boring?
what is the best exercise to do to help loose belly fat?
where does a circle begain and where does it end?
for a project.?
I love to clean house!  How about you?
what is safe start?
Importance of working at more than one job?
how do healthy people get vicodin online?
I feel a lump on my testicle Part 2?
i like this guy but...?
Im going to be an egg donor?
why we need to do sex?
what are some good ways to ask a girl to prom?
does anybody know randy ortons e-mail address?
do you like bush?
what do you think about Irans nuclear energy?
How do you open Windows?
I'm just interested...?
What is your favourite joke?  I need some good ones!?
what is your favorite sitcom from childhood?
i crossed the road, to get to the other side?
Does cute matter more to guys than girls?
what is time?
hoe do i get rid of my phone logo?
Who else is enjoying no mexicans today?
What do people think about UC Berkeley and Cal Athletics?
describe Miami from architectural point of view?
Douglas Paal Question...?
what is orgasm?
whats mean SMT?
Why is America so weird?
Kobe Bryant the best NBA player next to Jordan?
Loose weight in 3 weeks.?
how can one?
what is the major sport in mexico?
Should i still love him?
What properties limits the maximum and minimum masses of stars ?
Finding a Roommate??
most patnership have how  many partners?
When will the sun go nova?
Child Pedifiles where should they live?
Who has written BHAGWAD GITA?
What is Public Law 94-142?
how do you make a heart?
web designers?
Why is sunflower pink so foul?
There must be over fifty thousand Screaming?
Can men really be Bi? What is your opinion?
Who is material manager in an organization?
i need something driffent in my life?
What  are your feelings about this argument?
Do you think that NBA brawls are bad and y?
Anyone know how to do cubic spline interpolation?
how many grams is an orange?
Help Please I need it?
When is growing pains season 2 releasing on dvd?
What's Up With This? Part II?
What do systems administrators do in the field of information technology?
Help with viewing Video in media player?
What should I do?!! what would you do?
why are men such selfish lovers?
Why are the Scotch-Irish such losers?
How to form your own opinions about anything?
i seriously need HELP!?
How can u get a good sense of humour?
how to act?
Why do college guys like girls who were minimal make-up?
make me laugh people?
Do we always dream everytime we sleep?
Does one person have the right to control another?
When will the brazilian national football team visit USA?
Another riddle. Care to answer?
why do some men were women's clothes in secret?
Should 20/Twenty be a Part of Olympics?
How's your Imbolgc going?
Do beavers really like it wet'nwild?
Can you help me?
Three ways that fearful citizens safeguard themselves from crime?
how can methane be used as a fuel?
how does it feel?!?!?
I'm I bisexual?
Describe the different kinds of underground features caused by volcanoes?
i love cathleen will she answer me?
What does this mean 2?
what was the time of birth for Christ?
Is Minnesota a good place to relocate? Why?
Please HELP me ASAP!!!!!?
What should I do?
Which is a gymnosperm?
Who should Peyton Manning coach in college when he retires?
how can i hear Hannah montannas  music?
how many cd's do own?
safe way to do situps?
What is LMAO???
what does internet cafe mean?
Hello please make up a name of an alien planet?
How does the world view the United States?
where to buy kava kava?
Digital photo management/ editing for Windows XP?
what are you looking for?
Whats the real definition of cybering?
what does a women and her parents want from a man?
fav song by Usher?
How many people do you think pollute the air?
help me find a cause?
dose any one here know a good place that can braid?
does anyone know....gilmore girls?
Access permision on Active Directory.?
How is individual debt different from government debt?
dose ano like wwe?
Walk you dog?
any body know wht s EJOTY ?
Who likes Neil Young?
which state have a highest GDP in USA ?
what is the characteristics of a vampire?
pilates mat?
why did the banks fail during the great depression?
why wont my yahoo mail open for me?
Does your religion teaches you how to find the right God?
what does your brain need to stay healthy?
How do you clear items from a login bar?
Is there a cure for malaria?
who's officially the fastest player in the English Premiership?
im looking for a contract for life for drinking and driving online?
Teach me how to play like a basketball Point Forward?
How can I make a simple mold?
Why does a light bulb blow? how to prevent it?
how do i really know?
what is your worst habit?
What paintball gun should i get?
Do guys like there "salads tossed"?
Why do people think that Pagans are evil?
more math..yay?
what year was the death penalty passed?
Does anyone know any good websites?
what is going on between china and america internet?
So what IS the solution for the immigration problems?
what are the different seasons in Great Britain?
Do you believe we should invade Iran?
What Is Your Favorite......?
where can i find a collage essay?
Apart from me, who is the worlds best looking man?
News websites...any suggestions?
How do I stop seeing double vision?
relationship issues...?
What's the GCF for these...?
do people change completely in airforce basic training?
Help on MS Access!?
How can you tell if someone has mercury poisoning?
So what's so bad about getting a violation?
how do u know when an e-mail is sent?
Should I tell my brother that his wife is having an affair?
What should I write in an email to a girl I like?
how can rural newspaper improve rural community?
MEN, What are habits you dislike about women, anything?
HeLp!?!?!?!?!?
what is 69+69?
does anyone know any good facts about the golden gate bridge?
How do you catch a big fish?
whats the best slang term for a penis?
what are the lines in cigarettes?
Which city in America is the biggest?
What is Wysiwyg editing of a webpage?
what is motivation?
Is it bad to have AIDS and love having it?
Why has my period has lasted for over two week?
flag waving?
How do you write a dairy????
I am stuck in the middle! what do I do?
how do we know whether women really reach their climax?
WHY DO GIRLS CHEAT?
How can I make Bit Torrent run faster?
In England L8.00 equals how many American dollars?
the GPA  2.8 is B or C ?
Do u play "The  Sims 2?
How is a Judge appointed in High Courts of India ?
Why do we move our arms when we run?
Online gambling...how does it work ?
What experience is needed to be a bank teller?
Why are the basketball players so sexy?
What makes one a cannibal?
Need help on math problem...?
am i being unfair?
How do i get a  good credit card in one week?
How to deal with a Cyber Stalker!?
What is your Impression about egyptians?
does Israel going to occupy Egypt once again?
Here's the thing.....?
Asynchronous Transfer Mode market position?
Statistics Help!!?
what is the correct term for the fear of number 13?
I need help for school!?
whats your favorite website for games?
How do I submit my own music to XM Satellite Radio?
How long does the application process take?
My car was stolen?
when will i find forms of paragraph?
Linear Operators?
what can i do to stop po up ads from happening?
yesterdays quiz re celtic?
Who is gonna watch the super bowl??
Does everyone have a soul mate?
what does the name "BLAINE" mean?
Who knows about criminal law and drug posession?
S.m.a.r.t..?
Ms. Bush Is she the worst 1st lady ever?
Is there any GAY NBA player at the moment??
Why are eggs so good for you?
would u guyz only?
Is Los Angeles a self-destructive mechanism?
what is the name of the first australian president ?
what is youre major in college? are you in college?
mail merge?
Gather 'round for your Tuesday morning story.?
whats the  fastest,cheapest internet service?
How many Olympic medals has Shannon Miller won?
what's a good running shoe?
how do i win him back?
small pox?
What are the signs & symptoms of over active thyroid?
what year was jakie Roboson born.?
anagrams of song titles.?
i own my own masonry company does anyone need work done?
Can somebody patiently explain sump'm to me?
can you restrict your phone number when you text message?
Is it normal to be so horny?
What is your favorite skin color ?
What is the position on abortion in S. Dakota?
Man Law?- Need clarification?
why do we ask questions we already know the answer to?
What is a good graduation gift?
Why do people say Ain't?
Should I date him or him?
Which detergent breaks up oil the best?
wats a good way to not get bored?
Does someone hate me?
Christmas present for 13 year old boy?
High School Courses?
How to organize a volleyball tournament?
What color is "healthy" feces?
where can i find videos of old baseball games?
Where are all the good looking single men without children?
Addicted To Wild and Freaky Sex?
differences between rna and dna?
where can i get a really cool fashion site from?
What day of the week do you hate?
Anybody know much about gall bladder disease...?
Which is better... peanut butter or jelly?
How much should I charge for babysitting?
who wins tonight mavs or heat?
what's your favorite word to say?
Should I look for another job?
can u get me a job?
what are the qualifications of being an apartment manager ?
who's your favorite rap group?
what is your favorite?
How much does the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Cost?
whens your birthday?
can you tell me my constitutional rights ?
what makes us what we are the genes or the environment?
why does a vortex form?
definition of a great person?
what animal live short of time only?
how will  you score students on a writing test?
why is summer time the best to drive your car?
why is the obvious less obvious when obvious?
help please?
why do people give their kids ghetto names?
PMS Symptoms Different then other months???
what does a free-ride bike mean?
Why do you guys think im so young?
How to convert FLV to 3GP?
what are two theories concerning the use of chopsticks?
What is the most used word in a day?
for all india male, describe yourself as a lover?
What does unfair extrapolation mean in simple English?
people search in australia?
what is the penalty for new york state welfare fraud?
how can i take out yahoo as my home page ?
what is liquid oxygen and what is it used for?
What makes a cutting tool cut?
speed of light -trick question?
how to increase memory power?
What is this & called?
Who likes Trance Music?  Is Techno better?
Know what my real name means?
has anybody had surgery for a " frozen shoulder"?
What do u think about freedom of speech or press?  explain?
Homosex is healthy or un healthy ?
How many people live in the US?
I asked this question earlier.......?
Do you go to Church every week?
Read Below :[ Question Pertains TO Norton Ghost ]?
what is the iupac name of gamaxin?
Regular  Bed R     Waterbed?
are there any real work at home jobs?
Did prophet Muhammed have slaves?
Do you think Bush knew?
How can I participate at the next Amazing Race?
Which famouse artist invented fizzy drinks?
How much do you get back with earned income credit one child?
Which country has the most atheists?
Has anyone done this?
please help me?
Why do so many lesbians allow themselves to become so huge?
Rhianna.. do you think?
in what other ways can we remember and honor war veterans?
a question for all the guys??
What is the reason for the high divorce rate among celebrities?
grants given by walmart for education?
Who's your favorite Little Rascal?
What do you think I should do? Talk to a doctor?
What is a good hard drive upgrade for a Gateway PC?
How do you find your racquet tension?
Is Veterans Day a gift giving day?
Where is islam most practiced?
Whats the best way to find out your heritage?
What is the middle name of Edgar Poe?
maths projects?
Who liked Davinci's Code?
How can I self-diagnose my back pain?
when the lottery results will publshed?
What are you offended by?
Who invented the applause?
Why so many questions on her about?
is bowwow the rapper still with ciara?
do men find older women sexy, and if so why?
Party Ideas?  1940s theme?
Longhorns?
how old do you have to be to stay home alone?
will the nets come back?
Whats the difference between espresso and coffee?
Are there any health risks/problems associated with navel piercing?
do syurp dissolve in water?
write expression in factored form?
my computer turn on automatically  especially when telephon ring?
What is your favorite Lynyard Skynyard song?
which country do u think will win the world cup?
how do i network a usb printer?
what animal phyla don't have endoderm?
how do u get rid of gophers or moles?
AIDS only an invented term?
Where would I find an animation of how to mouse a hook?
advantage and disadvantage of inheritance?
where do i find steroids?
If u can change your name..What will it be?
District lines for New Rochelle, NY City council District 6?
Does anyone like the movie just friends?
i am cofused need help?
circumsicion?
I have a horrible habit .?
Christianity is not the only way to heaven. Proof?
Stolen item database????
maxine hong kingston?
were is the best place to meet women?
I cant stop wondering what could have happened?
Which language you speak with your family when you are home?
aristotle prophecies?
deal or no deal casting call?
Does the existence of the God gene make God unfair?
Who do you blame? Technology, parents,?
all the disadvantages of cuba?
Which Fat loss supplement REALLY works?
What is the highest SAT score?
is there such thing as true love?
Is God as popular as Bush?
what are you going to get me ??
do u know any scholarships to go to singapore?
any one know about grants?
What was my dream mean?
Most ridiculous story?
Coccon... covered with wood?
hiatal hernia?
what is this called?
who's more matured...?
are hp laserjet cartridges worth anything or shall i dump it?
reasons for the popularity of World Wide Web (www)?
male or female?
Which universities in USA accept GED?
what car do you drive?
how do i get rid  of thigh fat?
Who is considers to be the best player in Asia?
What changes will occur if Democrats win the House and Senate?
why do white boys love to date blacks girls?
Name a gang in Chicago??and one of their member?
how work cpu?
What's a song about finally having the perfect guy?
Who are some good comedy acts?
who would win might mouse or underdog??
how can I reduce my prostate?
just a quick survey folks,Dem or republican or other?
Do u prefer chubby or skinny girls?
information on leather and rubber footballs not shopping or prices?
What boxer do you think had the most heart?
How can a parent tell if a child is being sexually abused?
Yahoo email...backing up...?
printing press/ color printer primary colors of pigment?
What is the meanning of Coordinator?
how do i go about sueing a hospital?
HELp!!! I need to know!!?
Physics question below?
How do horses sleep?
who thinks soccer is gay?
have you ever experienced a miracle before?
Which religion consumes the most food per capita?
Does animal experimentation help humanity if it causes the animal excessive suffering?
do women enjoy anal sex ?
websites for information about classical mechanics?
why is it that we take people we love for granted?
How does global warming cause the oceans to become more acidic?
Any 311 fans in the house?
what is the best free website monitor?
what is the importance of the financial instruments in an economy?
Math help please and thanks?
Which major in college has the highest rate of people graduating?
Would you marry an illegal immigrant who says he loves you?
how do i register to vote in Wisconsin?
another oldie, first right answer gets 10 points?
where can i find 1000tons of cuttlefish?
Any dermatlogists?
What do you do when you like someone?????
Which direction does a Merry Go Round turn?
where is the sunniest part of canada?
Does anyone else think "mellow" is not a yellow?
What are the functions of a cat nostril?
how do you get rid of a stocker?
Whey protein question?
Is "tired" an emotion?
tell something about earning allocated or stated fractional basis?
anyone knows a website that teaches you to perform street moves?
Any Accounting majors here?
which planet of the solar system has aring?
Is Rent-The Movie playing in any Atlanta Theaters?
Hi how are you?
who was the political leader of the north?
how can i get a husband?
A mathematical problem (differential equations & rates of decay)?
Lipo suction downers?
what is a tab?
How dangerous is Low Testosterone?
Mixed Martial Arts?
How did you become a billionaire?
age group chats?
who kill JFK!?
what is Cicely Tyson's Biography?
THE Bush administration has already discussed hitting Iran with nuclear weapons .?
What do christians get in paradise?
Are the Detroit Tigers for real?
whats the real name for 50cents?
Why Europe unsafe for the Jews ?
who thinks earth is hell?
I have a story and a question...?
HE loves you. Do you???
What is your favorite drama movie?
Which is worse?
California Freeway Sign Font?
what is the best way to change yor sleep patters?
What is an editor, a tracer and a stepper?
Superheros and villians Name them all?
JAG Fans can you help ?????
Who is The Rock's favourite wrestler?
Christmas gifts?
Does anyone have any pitching tips?
What do you think about sex during menstruaion?
Why are community colleges frowned upon?
Can  Too Much Lysol Set Off a Smoke Detector?
Where in Scotland is northshire abbey?
what % of the human body is muscle?
How come in this site?
What is the quickest and cheapest way to kill yourself?
whats ur favorite country song other than big and rich?
do Germans have to get married on a age?
Why are electronics exported from Hong Kong to the United States?
who won the 1998world cup?
does love always hurt? give examples please if at all possible?
Do You think Sylvia Browne is a Real Physic?
what is a feeling on emptyness inside one's ear?
what is your favorite MLB team?
where can I find good DVD burning software for free?
How many pages does Yahoo search?
is there a gulf war memorial?
How do I get a credit card if I have bad credit?
Who will win American Idol?
Would you be interested in this?
where cxan i find a science fair project?
What would happen if Photosynthesis became too efficient.?
Is Jarhead a good movie? If so, why?
What are ur views on Muslims? Why?
how do I get my horse working from behind more?
How many seats are in Richmond International Raceway?
Ladies, what do think of this?
what is the best thing u've ever done?
Conservative and Liberal List Website?
what's Michael Jordan doing now?
what is the proper name for medal plaques inside public buildings?
foreign transcript evaluation service in New Jersey?
why do I feel old at 32??
should the driving age be raised from 16 to 18?
what should i do?
dose Iran play games against the world?
What is your favriote hard rock band?
What is a situation plan in relation to Architecture?
Windows XP Help?
Who was right in this situation?
Are Eton Road gay?
How reliable are Genital Herpes blood tests?
christmas!!?
No one proved that they exist.?
World Peace?
I have a question about the San Francisco 49ers?
what do you think about christians?
how do i detox myself?
Who are the worst terrorists today?
Anyone goin to ozzfest?
what usually cos epilepsy.?
Explain me plz?
Have you ever cared for someone you couldn't stand ?
how much does a loonie or a toonie weigh?
What do antioxidants do for your body?
How can I get batter Posture?
why is basketball called a no contact sport?
Should he walk me to my car in the dark?
Public Schools?
How can a fly can fly normally  in speedily moving vehicle ?
why did president bush and cheney knock down the towers?
Does anyone know who came up with this quote?
Whats your favorite tv show?
What makes mcdonalds fries so good?
Where can I get texts of different songs of different artists?
How to build a campfire?
Jesus? Mohammad? Buddha?
How does someone who is deaf, blind and mute dream?
What is the opposite of retail?
anyone know about becoming a youth pastor?
is it a bad thing that i made my boyfriend cry?
Have you noticed this???
can u help me with my sat score?
Joke Critic V2?
what one should do when he/she gets depressed?
what is facultative chromosome?
If you have OCD are you considered handicaped?
how to checker gun stocks?
Help On Maple Story!?
Is it ok to be gay ?
Is it possible to love two women at the same time equally?
Can a black guy ever be the president of the United States?
Merry Christmas....Why not Happy Christmas?
What is beautiful?
Do Organic compounds always contain carbon and hydrogen ?
Any good K-movies?
am i pertty?
what is the difference between religion,caste and custom?
Authorized users?
Will Itty marry me so I can become a Canadian citizen?
Which country is the most powerful in the world?
Government Queston! Help!!?
How do you convert odds to a percentage?
What is it about people that makes them attractive?
why do most women prefer men 5'10" or taller?
Y do people think races were not ment to be mixed?
what's the harm in trying to smoke only once?
which is india's nearest country in south?
championships?
I am looking for an inflatable bubble toy?
how to elliminate spots from the face?
Have you ever kiss a girl that is not a friend yet?
when did you first makeout with someone?
My friends problem please answer.?
T shaped slots instead of screws on the expansion slots?
Does anyone know about the "Divine Number"..?
How many natural holes in our Human boby ?
Would India have been better off as a communist country?
How can i make my mind very sharp & fast ?
How do I perform a print screen?
How did the honeymoon evolve?
are there any chess competition in olympics?
describe the linkages in fats.?
What do I do about all the stupid people???
Actually the nipples are undeveloped?
can u inform me about the lebanese population ?
What is the number one university or college in the world?
Women only...?
GZip Creator-File compression utility?
does anyone know how to put music on your Myspace Profile?
Have you ever parked in a handicap parking spot?
Does anyone think fat is good?
Should a guy have his wife get her colon cleansed?
who is my match?
What bits is the best for a roping horse?
why do i always get sleepy right after lunch?
who started the world war 1?
What NFL Qb would u put the franchise tag on?
Christmas obligation?
What tarot deck is good for beginners?
What is the proper etiquette for eating quail?
am getting lymph nodes in neck often, what to do?
Where is the creator of Boondocks cartoon?
Who won the 4th world cup?
What's up in the air?
Which is the best propane company to work for?
dumb question?
How many stripes does a zebra have?
what is a hybrid orbital? what are its common types?
what type of boat does go on a canoe?
WWE what is this?
my wife is no good can somebody help me?
Root canal?
World Cup?????????
Who is Arsenal all time leading scorer?
What are some good secondary sources on Ancient Egyptian religion ?
information about substance abuse in different foreign countries?
What phase is the moon in right now today?
is cosmo  (my 6 year old bro)stupid?
can anyone help me with my migraines?
How do you extrapolate a line in excel?
How do people post that have negative points?
8th Grade Science Project Ideas?
do you think that love exists?
wut should i eat to keep my poop regular?
why are there idiots in this world?
What are intelligent systems and how are they used in crime analysis?
what is porosity?
Weight loss help!!!!?
Does anyone know how to write a eulogy?
what is an as* hat?
where are the nj moroder minor league football team?
Rigid Bodies and Center of Gravity?
Argentinaeans Please Any one from Mendoza?
I messed up on my UC app!!!?
If the clap spreads, it that a case for applause?
what are the symptoms of low blood pressure?
Christmas Gifts?
Pain in base of throat when swallowing food.?
Who will win on american idol?
what's the square root of 23?
how do you color carnations?
Why do my balls hurt??
Would you rather be a male or female?
Upgrade CPU to Core 2?
Real Estate: National Council of Exchangers?
How can I put this picture on someones Myspace comments?
Can someone tell me?
Why do Muslims say Adam was a muslim?
what burns shortest of wood?
Who thinks England  really can beat portugal.?
Which of the following bands do you prefer?
BCS Championship?
What is the Hottest certification to get today?
in weather, blank is when things dry up?
how Many type of wilding?
What was/is your experience with Hydroxycut?
would you leave a man if he wouldn't marry you?
What is the best FREE internet security?
why did destiny's child break up?
Will forgiving yourself and others bring you peace of mind?
Who is your favourite director?
Novial pills?
what is the cockney rhyming slang for skill?
How many credit cards should a person have?
How do you ask a girl out?
how much will advertising cost through yahoo?
Back injury advise if you have any?
What do you think of the University of Pittsburgh?
Am I just lucky or what?
What is bluetooth in mobile.?
Would you move back in with your parents?
Science question! 4?
Does Texas go above sea level?
tiger airways?
What is the proper grammar for the following phrase?
How do I pursue a career in TV?
how do i go about changing my name at work legally.?
is cristian chavez gay?
Is there such things as aliens from out in space?
What was the conflict over the legislative power of the national government?
What  attracts  women to look  porno video?
the queen of england?
Is there any way to fix crushed hard drive?
Wi-fi software?
why is my screen saver not working?
Do girls like men with tongue percings?
What do im after 12th science?
How do you know if someone is a true friend?
prefixes and suffixes help...?
What is the acceleration of all objects toward the moon?
just women...?
Question 4 the Gym guys??
Is It Normal?
Do professional tennis players tip the ball boys/girls?
when should a guy start liking girls?
lost all sound on dell computer. what is wrong?
Isn't this fun?
does anyone know why satanists don't wear gold?
are the Premium bonds fixed?  i never win!?
energy flows from?
Is the super power fearful?
what happened to Jennifer Lopez movie Border Town?
Is fasting one solution to lose weight?
Projectile... :S?
Should the US Constitution be ammended to ban Gay Marriage?
King of the Hill pilot?
is this a medical case?
I'm looking for the son "Etes Tu"?
Who said this?
what will drugs do to your body?
Firewire to USB?
Quick bonding question?
why can't my name on here b charly?
Country song..momma before she was momma?
where was tony blair born ?
emma lanford?
How can you prevent damage from earthquakes??
what are the steps of giving introduction in a interview?
Will come back on test series??
How do I recovered deleted files from a flash/thumb drive?
Why isn't Mickey Mouse funny?
I have got fairies at the bottom of my garden!!?
Dallas Stars fans?
do u think Garry Payton should retire?
Who was the first chamorro governor or Guam?
Who is the youngest driver to compete in the Indy 500?
The vertices of a rectangle?
What would u ask God if u had just one question?
How can the weather people predict the weather everyday?
what is the newest research or technology of artificial intelligent?
life is like a bowl of cherrys....?
how many gallons in a 24'x56" pool?
why is there gravity?
Is  the word trinity found in the Bible?
how to become more fluent in speaking english?
grammar and its usages?
what disease gives you a black tongue?
Can water be hotter then 100 Celsius degrees?
what are the liability issues for a private park with a playground?
what's the full quote about tolerating fools ?
Is anyone out there scared of little children?
what is lipid?
what products can i used for stretchmark?
pls the best thriller or psychological movie?
please tell me some good beatles songs?
do u use ebay?
What is a "molacca in Greek?
meaning of light in the sense of lamp in different languages?
Has anyone had problems with reconstructive breast surgery?
What type of deodorant do you use?
what does the greek god zeus fear?
Do you ever wonder who is behind those avatars?
How do i graph functions?
Is anyone else following the Volvo Ocean Race?
Where can I get information on teaching English in Japan?
Kerry can apologize, why can't Bush?
Panama Canal?
Blonde on a hunting trip?
What's Canada's political climate like?
What does my dream mean?
Why doesn't my computer respond to my speakers?
Does anyone know this verse?
Christians, what do think?
Where did the phrase "bring home the bacon" came from?
do you think pointless less questions like this are cheap laughs?
What movie am I thinking of?
What is the  poorest country in South America?
Is Running 2 Miles a day enough?
When does a singer decide to put out a greatest hits album?
Another word to substitue for Okay?
who out there has done any extreme adrenalin sports?
Do YOU feel obligated to help 3rd world people?
I was just curious..?
Biting & Sucking?
will Amanda K. and Derek M. ever get back together?
Can I download certificates to use for brownie merit awards?
Remove a program?
How many of you are reading this at work?
is it rude 2 use the word heck?
Full House: Who's cuter?
how did keith whitley die?
Anyone know about Eminent Domain?
how do i network my office computers togther but cheap?
Why sin11 is so nearly to one?
I Need Help!!!!?
how to make my laptop computer battery life last longer.?
how do I make a screen capture?
for high head, what type of pump should we use?
Electricians in the Air Force?
preview for 2006 sopranos?
Who do you like on american idol?
Movie Help--!!! Anyone Good with Old Movies?
Can you help me find a z score?
how could i use--contraband in a sentence?
i need held with a advertising online job i started?
how do ETF works?
Religion in Public Schools?
How To Compute Effective Telescopic Distances?
I need immediate help with a quote from Plato!?
Baseball is a game right? War is real life right?
Weighs more?
does Iran has nuclear missiles, as bush thinks they have?
Did the Civil War solve anything?
Synchornized music?
anyone goes to NYU?
Do the chift policemen or law enforcement fully understand behavior science?
University or College!!!!?
Have you ever looked down on people before?
what is your favorite color gummi bear???
Predictions on England /Trinidad Final Score?
who do you want to win the world cup?
How does Wi-Fi work for laptops?
pull out of Iraq?
dell inspiron 2200 won't turn back on?
Do you think that Iran has the right to nukes?
what is the difference between SDR RAM and DDR RAM?
how does google search engin work?
What makes Glass break?
What is the greatest invention of mankind?
What is DNA?
what is physyology?
could sone one send a sample solution to the lift equation?
French Speakers help a French student?
If America is so bad, then why dont you leave?
should i take my friend to court?
can you get pregnant on your period?
Who is Elpidio Valdes?
what are the good christian emo bands today?
university!?
do they need help?
How do i get rid of my aweful nightmares?
Any one have fun things to do to annoy people?
My Birthday's coming this April 14..?
what is an investment with poor result called ?
how fast should a 2 year olds heart  normally beat?
what colleges have nursing anesthetist courses?
history of Malaysia independence?
Jealous? Insecure? or Both??
What was the last complex or expensive item that you purchased?
HELP!!!!i am confused?
What is a good bait to use for Carp fishing ?
do you think kobe bryant is gifted by God?
they wont stop!!?
what is 85%x19007.00?
How do I make a citation in MLA form from a movie?
what is pc system connectivity?
how do you do math sample to predict?
a reddish metal starting with a 'c'?
What did you dream about last night.?
what is class 4 chain link fence wire?
Is Ashanti part Chinese?
What is in Africa that starts with X?
Where can I find J-pop music?
hey guys can you give me an answer?
Is Steven Harper our (Canada's ) Bush?
Are women useless in heaven?
how do i get online wif my psp?
Are there any fault lines in New York?
What does this say to you... ?
Nerve Pain- Mine seems different?
i would to know about latovy?
WHY bone Marrow transplant usually not from close relative?
Which phrase describes electrical resistance?
do you like the Angels?
The Natchez Trace bridge how was it built?
Strange dreams,nightmares that happen every now and then..?
can any team stop Brazil in this World Cup?
what is the highest rollercoaster in the world?
School was it?
procedures how to turn-on the computer?
What was the name of the show?
Please Help !!!!! Multiple Choice Thanks?
what is the meaning of kuberan?
ufc 65 results?
Did you ever knew where Romania is ?
Who is the best  offensive soccer player in the world.?
over or Under 203 lakers vs. Warriors?
Has your religion ever...?
Does anyone know anything about C++?
Why do christians believe in hell?
A+ certified and Networking +?
how do i get a scholarship?
what is the origin of the word diabetes?
what is homowo?
good jokes? i need a good laugh?
how does a cave form?
I read this about Aquarians, is it true??
i love angry people?
Where can i find an Italian dictionary?
What was the consumer movement?
Does anyone have any links to...?
Would you date people of different races/cultures?
The US vs. W. Europe?
why the glucose and cyanide act against each other?
How long should I keep the prepared reagents?
how to treat an ear infection with natural treatments?
how to STOP internet addiction?
Would you vote for Dick Cheney for President?
Is 74 degrees water temperature okay for swimming?
what is the primary compound found in sand?
job opportunities?
what is a wigger?
nightmares?
are amish people allowed to learn a different language?
Rocky Relationship?
They Don't Know About Our Lives!?
How ants get pregnant?
What is the prize for the 2006 Iditarod?
Image Fade in Fade out effect in flash?
how do i reduce my tummy?
What is your favorite movie that no one else has seen?
can anyone define the absolute reality of the life and universe?
where does thirty come before twenty?
Why are most military wives crazy?
Does AIDS have any external ... easy to spot symptoms ?
Should marijuana be legalized?
Whats Your GPA and why?
What do you think of Napstar and iTunes?
Why won't Easton ship to the UK?
what is Plank's constant?
will friedle?
What actually makes the wind blow?
Where can u buy NBA sleeves.?
who's the best...?
how to gain weight?
What are some commercial ideas for the chemical element Silicon?
Watching TV online?
how is sinus surgery done?
can someone send me some casting crowns?
Compulsive Eating Disorder?
freecell game?
ADHD any one suffer from it?
engineering for girls?
Where I can see pictures of Batista?
I need a simple answer sheet for telephone messages?
How to you handle arrogant onboxoius people?
Do you believe in ghosts,zombies.vampires?
how to solve curve tracing ?
Does anyone think that Sheva will leave AC Milan for Chelsea?
Me and my boyfriend are engaged?
do you think cds should be banned because of its lyrics?
My Myspace can't play music or video clips?
What are channel partner key roles?
Is Antivirus software necessary?
how can i have fit body for the summer vacation?
what is radio frequency laser,&how it is generated.?
How do I start a movie production?
Hp560C printer?
Where in the Bible does it say anything about Dinosaurs?
help me pez?
how do i connect a tv to a home network?
How do you find an old friend?
What two properties dictate the gravitational attraction between two objects?
Anyone know any goodplaces to cycle in Gloucestershire or Wiltshire?
Only the sincere need reply!?
whats the best way to break up with my girlfriend?
What animal is the closest to humans in intelligence?
Do you think their is life on Enceladus?
in science a push or a pull is a?
Science every day?
What is the Earned Income Credit?
do aliens exist?
ok missing links, evolution?
The oldest historical black colleges and universities?
should i break up with my bf?
Does the word "commit suicide" implies "death"?
Will you have sex?
What main feature do you look for in a girl/guy?
What is a Media Kit?
Can I say.......?
Why does my right eye jump?
who was the author of common sense?
What's the difference between Computer engineering And Programming?
Why are some men like women when it comes to emotions??
Answer Yes?or No?
Magicman who are you????
do you believe IN god?
Quadratics?
how do i lose weight easily and quickly?
I really need some help with Mole concept sums?
to show that oxygen is produced by photosynthesis?
Gas Law Problem Help.?
are the cowboys still americas team?
What are the three words that end in -gry?
is anyone gay?
Why is it in Black & White?
help me help you ?
yoyoyo what does this mean?
What is the pH of 10 M of H+?
HELP! ME please?
Is there an inherent conflict between bureaucratic power and democratic values?
What's proper grammar for this sentence?
what is strict aspiration precaution?
Reasons why Americans are better that Brits?
what is the product of 3000, 854 and 9?
Which food contains high protein?
What is appendicitis?
Would you recommend a reverse online auction as a mode of purchase?
which u.s. states support the use of medicinal marijuana?
Why the moon shines in white?
what was the u.s. policy during imperialism?
Can you introduce me some good trance music?
who sings i love rock n roll??
Need help with how to solve chemistry problems?
What do you think of this?
how do you know if your hitin it right?
CEO Address?
which is the first mystery that confronts the growing child?
Wheres a good place to start acting in australia?
Pregnancy ? is this a sign?
what does cogito ergo sum mean in latin?
Are americans more tolerant towards immigrants than the British?
I need Help?
which football team do you know from Turkey?
Are there chats for microsoft help?
how much is arkansas state income tax?
what is the name of the new WWE RAW entrance?
What is the difference between Naval Engineering and Marine Engineering?
What is Credit Proposal?
anyone had dental implants?
can i buy medicine from canada without a prescription?
Los Angeles Laker RUMOR Fact or Fiction?
What is a sea monkey?
Who's the best player on your favorite college basketball team?
how can i set up RSS on my website?
Cannot complete downloading of Active Security Monitor from AOL?
How many people's avatar really look like them?
good move?
where can i find information about BobCats?
Are  Video re-plays allowed in world cup?
can their be cure for diabetic.?
How should I approach this problem?
what is obtuse angle?
why are some mountains folded and others upward?
what produces the most nuclear waste?
Does anyone do parkour?
how many mons does Neptune have?
what is the Brussels Regulation and Rome convention?
What is the definition of Orthodox?
Do my boy friend really love me?
how will you cope up with a cheating boyfriend?
Does chris brown dance better then  usher?
Why has the President turned his back on States rights?
How many hours do you spend on internet?
what makes credit scores go up?
how is Lymph formed?
"Am I really a terrorist"?
how do you stop kobe bryant?
Back pain remedies??
Maths question.?
Why the 9th planet cant allow the organism 2 live there?
how to satisfy a women sexually?
where can i find a women's basketball league to join?
make an eye in a rope?
Do you think foreign holidays sould be celebrated in the USA?
which cell company give the best offer for new customers?
can electromagnetic force power a motor?
can you burn music for free.what web site?
What fitness career do you believe would help the most people?
what was your fav part of the bet awards?
which year was the first olympics held!?
Where can I locate old photographs of rockville maryland?
how long have cavemen been on earth?
a question about barristers and solicitors.?
wats the borland's site name?
is mailed delivered today, thanksgiving day?
Why are high schoolers so immature?!?
how important is it that your man is attracted to you?
What were the three factors that led up to World War I?
Notaries  Public for Ohio?
diseases associated with the endocrine system not working properly?
Help with VOIP phone service?
witch version of Linux is suitable to a small office server?
do male enhancement pills really work?
which is the best program for changing a photo to a drawing?
Is Ben Stiller handsome/sexy, or just dorky?
Name of HBrO3 acid?
wat do i do to get a lady?
anyone from  New zealand?
Sleep! .. .. 2 hours? or 8 hours?
how do I arrange clubs in a golf bag?
How was the first robot invented?
a girl just moved next door and?????
why do i have white hair at a young age?
straight or what?
Is my husband lazy?
mm_mm_mm_206?
what is it exactly that you hate about Arabs ?
find a company alarm sys inc maybe from Italy?
Is Bill Clinton OK now?
Suggest any latest terms used for addressing business letters?
do anarchy people belive in god?
american idol question!!!...?
How do i get live games on my pc?
What are the 20 most powerful countries in the world?
how much time should one study?
What does the term 'Alpha Woman' mean?
what is the dimension of French open's court?
I have a question about my Summer Alternative Loans?
How do I get a unwanted download off my computer?
how can I extract?
would you like to see Christianity made the official religion of America?
would anyone reject some1 coz they are a midget?
can i get free mba online books?
why do planes falls down from the sky?
basketball health....?
what is iaea?
what fungtion for mail addresses?
Am i fat??????????
Is Motor Neurons Disease hereditary?
Are we there yet?
a good devotin subject?
Divine intervention?
hey its my birthday wish me the best.?
How do I get javascript on my computer?
Is A pRoBlEm???
how is the temperature of hot lava taken?
does anyone think fake nails is wrong for a guy to wear?
how many dialling codes exist in the UK?
Company profile??????
What super natural power would u want to have? and why?
What is the best 'MySpace' type of website?
what is the principle of Radioligand Binding assay?
I need divorce from my wife she is mad?
How do i find a long lost friend of mine for free?
how does an enzyme achieve its initial conformation?
What does the phrase "Happy go lucky" mean/represent?
Can you go from gay to straight?
How is the weather now?
What do people feel are the biggest problems in our world today?
What are some tips for getting alose tooth out?
what would you do with 100 billion dollars?
Why are we not protesting the movie United 93?
Is religion really the opiate of the masses?
What is this man smoking?
Don't you like this one in basketball?
what is this?
what is the average length for a males penis?
what am I suppose ti think?
how to earn online from any part of the world?
Heartbroken & Left alone?
What is Jane Eyre about?
do u agree or disagree with this statement and why?
What is the official langauge of australia?
How do I reduce snoring temporarily?
How do I accept Jesus Christ?
wats ur favorite song?
what are humans made up of?
Business Ethics?
Friends problem myspace?
whats your wish list for christmas?
How much will it take us to go on jupiter?
What is this infinite series of numbers?
What is chemo made from?
Latent heat of vaporization problem?
how about them mighty ducks?
what's the best cpu on the market right now?
Ladies question?
Where would the country be if John Kerry was elected?
who is Narvel Blackstock?
Please answer?
calculate weight watchers points?
how can i search my true love of life?
Has a Bible ever been thumped so hard it broke?
why blood bank keep the blood for 20 days only?
should I try my luck with my own business?
Is a radian based on any physical standard?
What country has the world's strongest military?
what is the difference between nift  and nifd?
War in heaven?
What should I do?
how do you get ratings on schools?
what is mario's email address(the singer)?
steps to being popular in middle school?
how old is Gerrard?
computer help please?
does anyone like having sex in a car?
husbands only married 10 years plus please?
what does it take to be a warden?
who do u think will win the super bowl this year??
Ugggh girls!!?
is there a list of the ten thousand four digit combinations?
why ask why?
the worst president ever?
What is IEC code 287?
Does anyone know what causes Deja Vu?
how to deal with a bully?
What country was Roberto Carlos born?
Does Windows 98 support wireless connectivity?
More Science?
grandparents rights in northwest indiana?
i wanna some one from egypt?
how meny times have we been to the moon?
can anybody plz tell me about aerodynamics?
boy friend help!read my details!?
who is the best hip hop artist in my country?
how to gain weight fast?
What's the worse that could happen?
Does the name of a university really impact a person career?
How much to charge???
Walking in a Winter Wonderland?
Nobody loves me, what should i do?
how does sound travel?
how do you decorate your myspace?
Question for AMERICANS ONLY?
what is the meaning of dogma?
how long can sperm survive outside the body at room temperture?
dose caleb blackwell love karisma godsey?
Which flying insect bugs you the most?
where can I found prairies?
Ladies ~ what is your age range for dating?
what are the best job search sites currently available?
Do aliens exist and is the government hiding it.?
why do we live?
Whats the most helpful site on the web for finding love?
Three Doors?
difference between old and new bankruptcy?
Where did my desktop theme sounds go?
What do you call Santa's helpers?
Why do husbands cheat?
Do you believe that after death people become stars?
does hypnosis honestly work?
Who is Ellen Raskin?
How do you handle a MEAN boss?
Do men not want to date a woman with a child?
The Beatles or Lil Scrappy?
What is a crack house?
What is intelligence?
what 3 things want more than anything in the world?
how can we see peace all over the world?
going to graveyard?
What are your top 5 songs?
insurance advances?
How can i start my own search engine?
saviola !!?
how can i buy pure gold?
What do you think of the Vatican?
what color would look the best?
formula, chemical name and uses of aqua fortis?
how do u get to tal to to people?
Making A German Doll For 2nd Grader?
How to write scenarios for films?
statistics explaining the socio economic factors for endocarditis?
Montana senate battle rages on?
lose 10lbs how?
Converting to .avi files?
please help i dont know what to do?
How do I get better?
presentation on advertisement?
Any good Xmas gift ideas for my father?
Was I just convenient?
What are the guidelines to write a professional busness letter?
where di i go for cingular international calling rates?
What part of illegal immigrant do they not understand?
im so curious abouit guys lol?
what's a good dj name?
does a "Devil" exist?
At what time should you go to the dentist?
what about  - 5 A in a S P -?
we hung out and he stopped calling?
What is the history of Rugby, North Dakota?
When did he die?
How to meet neighbors?
questions about menopause at 31?
what animal has an average life span of 50 years?
Strategic Solutions what do the mean?
Touch Typing?
what are the prices of ERP Hardware?
where can i play pool in Vancouver b.c.?
What does, hasta la vista mean?
what are the pomegrante diseases?
What is a loop sentence?
Why don't liberals immigrate to Argentina?
hi guy Pakistan Cricketer images?
what happened to brian pillman?
what  quotation means?
did sid vicious really break his leg?
does transition metals have more than one oxidation state?
What would be a good example of positive propaganda?
Please state your religion...?
its past noon im hungry should i eat?
Is the math statement true or false?
what are good songs to download? no country please.?
Does anyone know any good children learning websites?
i want to delete all my inbox messages?
Why is water necessary in the reproduction of ferns?
How far is Heaven from Earth?
What does "mystical" mean to you?
i want to know about astrology?
who was the  winner of word cup 2006?
What sport do you enjoy playing the most?
any good foreign films u know?
what is the material of medical heart valves?
When the best time for sex?And where?
What is the most exciting moment of your childhood?
What exactly do you mean?
who was gordon bennet?
MP4 Converter help!?
Whether the shroud or turin genuine or not?
use ordinary division to find quotient and remainder?
Simplify the problem?
Yet another root canal question.?
what is safety to you?
What is a chha?
who is your favorite tv person?
Help me plz..i cant talk!?
how can I Remote control my office PC?
Where is a photo of Sandra Bullock's husband?
Does Milk Thistle or Golden Seal help with Acne?
Any one like Reel Big Fish?
how to know if your nose is broken?
is micheal stone the military wing of the dup?
What instrument do you play or did you play in school?
Why can I see the dark side of the moon?
What does a hummingbird nest look like?
Do women really care about finding a nice guy?
can seti find an et?
Why do people have different eye color?
How is math being used in the war in Iraq?
What is the difference between a consumer notebook and business notebook?
how do you activate a transpalatal arch?
hi hello hi it's my Brithday Today?
What is it called when a solid turns into a liquid?
when is the world musis awards on?
where can i find a copy of the Penny Lover music video?
Skillet anyone?
Which international team is a non test playing nation and why?
My friend flirts with my boyfriend?
Approximately how many partners have you been with?
who needs a cse for there psp?
why  would you use a swedge shoe on a horse?
Song lines that could be modern proverbs?
I need a website to balance chemical equations for me?
How does the pesticide affect the cabbage?
How do you start to learn bass guitar?
What is food adulteration?
what does unassuming mean?
Polygamy...why would any man?
help unwanted tan?
Do you like Brad Pitt??
why isn't there number 7 in ncaa basketball?
girls what do you wish guys could experience?
I need an inverted dictionary?
what is the definition of occupational health and safety?
Is it common??
what if you slide into a blackhole?
good poems for teenagers?
how do i find school district numbers?
Christians answer this please?
For how long is it safe to have my laptop on?
Up or down???
Are umarried liberal women always this tough on moms?
i want to know about mississippi prison satellite facilities?
The OC....?
How many ways can six different books be placed on a shelf?
Is Paul Pierce of the Celtics married?
Why they made any cartoon of Mohammed the prophet?
who is DRB Grant?
i need statistics on why stereotypes are bad...?
Kerrys comments?
What is the dues membership scale for a sustaining member?
Vista on laptop?
GREEN Vs MUNDINE?
how do i start my own escort service?
Can you give me suggestions to deal with anger?
What is the USA union countries?
what is 1 major event in 1870s?
how should i get the guy i likes attention?
what is the fastest car ever made?
what is th differece betwn Soccer and Football?
Who do you think will be the next US president after Bush?
Why are alot of overweight woman turning to witch craft?
Do you know what does "sana" means in Spanish?
Following on my recent question regarding the pawn shop?
How would I go about starting my own bible study group?
What is up with this site?
where is Chevy Suburban Fuel filter located?
Should i tell him how i feel????
Sandeep Patil Cricket Records in Test And ODI?
how to make a hello world program in python?
Do you think that jail sentences over 100 years are a joke?
how much codeine is in promethazine syrup red?
Tarver v Hopkins?  Did you watch?
how can you answer a logical question with ?
does anyone actually think that time travel is possible?
why do guys fall in love so fast?
tips or hints on understanding the slide scale E6-B?
Who knows about the solar calendar in Kabul Afghanistan?
water witches, terms of use what is a water deer?
Renters lease?
what do i do to gain respect from society?
Best Bait!!??
What makes people litsen?
HELP with a derivate problem?
How do you cure insomnia?
Can you help find birthmom?
How many games???
Are Jennifer Aniston and Samuel L Jackson Still getting married?
Women, what qualities do you look for in a potential boyfriend?
resolution?
find center and radius of the circle given by the equation?
where do you buy bulk cooking oil in 55gal barrels?
What's your favorite college football team??
how do you think the seahawks will do this year?
website to access Direct Merchant Bank account?
who is your favourite SNL member?
My wants me to have a 3some but im worried?
What county is Hammond,ID in?
What does RMA stand for?
Real Estate?
What does Sophie Verucchi do?
Where to meet older women for free?
What's a good program for downloading full computer games?
how to make a new harddrive a bootup drive?
math homework?
How does the American public feel about US Marines???
Does email marketing work?
what language sound more beautiful to you ?
How can u tell if ur man is really cheating?
do seagulls migrate?
What does dvd staind for?
Workaholics:  What makes them?  What breaks them?
girls tell me everything you like and hate about the penis?
Who is better steve waugh or mark waugh?
Working as a teacher or psych in the US?
best easter vaction spot in new jersey?
how many years can you get for stalking?
how can I lose weight?
what is re-emerging infection?
Who thinks the nears are overated?
in what state was p diddy born?
what  is  584 x 12?
Baby after Vasectomy?
What's the best way to fight a cold?
What is the fine for burning tires illegally in Arkansas?
Foreign deposit account?
what do you think about polish people?
what is Vioxx?
nail-fungus?
What do you think evaporation is.?
What keeps you sane?
what book should i read for my book review?
My Country....Right or Wrong?
how can u improve ur handball skills?
Do you think rapper the game is a muslim.?
My hard drive!!?
what dose blut und krieg mean?
where do i find crybaby layouts for myspace?
Your best slimming secret?
reinstall sequence for dimension 8200?
How much money you have in your Bank Accounts?
Amish Women?
Any early superbowl predictions?
What does the thought "Success without character is hollow" mean?
clarinet music?
Do you live with an alcoholic?
Calorie Counter...?
HBCU v. PWC?
Single question?
How long does it take to lose weight?
what song did Jay-z sample the doors music?
what is the best calculus book you used?
How did the country Canada get its name?
Croatia is the best team in Germany?
was the twin towers deliberately blown up?
How can I chat on Yahoo.Please help me.?
who would win in a fight gangstaz or skaters?
What can I file in bankrupcy?
Scaling a frequency/signal?
What do I get my father for his birthday?
Do you believe in parallel universes?
what is the "guys code?"?
Does Yoga meditation help in any way?
Where does Amethyst most commonly occur?
If Hilary wins, would the US be a weaker nation?
Germany 1936, USA 2006. Did we flunk history?
Why don't the use cameras in courthouses?
Could you kindly direct me to sites with inspirational quotes?
summery of the USA Patriot Act?
what is the faster travelling thing in the whole universe?
Birthday Present? 14 Year old Girl?
Would you like to memorize the bible?
what part of the body does jump-rope helps ?
Why does my ball curve?
What has really happened at Roswell?
What is the nearest airport to Cooperstown, NY?
Evolutionists, would you die to convert people to evolutionism?
Why are people so rude?
what is the invisible web?
how to test stock market bubble?
A Good Joke?
It is normal to have stain between periods?
Did American Indians have an Anarchy?
how do i clear my yahoo searches?
What is the best sex?
what does"air jesus"means?
What rights do I have as a consumer?
what is the meaning of Hallelujah?
If today was the last day of your life?
What is the name of Lita from WWE's band?
A question about insulin shots?
whatever happened to "the hand of providence"?
Makeing out?
Who Is Ready For Survivor Tonight?
do you support capital punishment to saddam hussien?
how to stop heart disease/chest pain?
i have a problem getting my package erected.?
are there any decent single christian guys out there?
Am I considered bisexual if only been with one woman?
looking for the Patroitguard riders web site?
Who is the greated NBA player of all time?
where did the middle class disappear to?
Which state has the longest name ?
Daytime Dollars.com?
sachin tendulakar belong to which indian state?
question about "modern" words and s*xism?
What does iso mean in email shorthand?
What is the rapper T.I. mother name?
how can i chat in austrilia?
is heaven supposed to be whatever you want it to be?
Can Electric Blue Lobsters stay out of water?
how to sucka dick?
Gays & lesbians making passes at straights?
why we have eyebrows?
what are Caribou?
how do i get rid of a search rabbit?
What is the most badass movie you ever seen?
whay is the sky blue?
what is a brazilian staph infection?
What do you see yourself doing in three years?
Are Anglo-Indians welcome back in India?
Question for all single, straight men out there!?
how do plants excrete??
Jatropha seeds?
what do you know about skinhead culture??
Chicago & New York?
what is the name of  Thailand king?
How do i get a picture of me on the computer?
What does agoraphobia mean?
Politician and Judges?
does anyone no hayden christensen?
Is my boyfriend doing drugs?
why do we float in the balck sea?
What was the name of the modern day country of gaul?
How man family?
Is meningitis considered armed and dangerous?
which shares can i buy today.?
how do i let a girl know that i love her?
Should we put speed bumps in neighborhoods?
Which is your all time favourite world cup goal?
will i struggle with money all my life?
This is a marriage and divorce question?
what do you think about ciara?
what i can do with my self?
what kind of dietary supplement for weak kidney?
How many men wear your granda panties?
grammar check again?
What did the tree say to the wind?
what are the options after doing chartreed accountancy?
What is the Christian Sciece youth camp in Colorado?
Why are so many young black and Latino men in prison?
Were was Grand Duke George Alexandrovich born?
whats saturns distance from earth?
functions of a chairman in company meetings ?
Do you fear the gods that don't exist?
Pick your best football (soccer) squad!?
how can i win over someone who doesnt notic me?
Whats a good site??
Queen of England as the head of the National forces?
If I said you had a beautiful body ...?
Will Bush finally be impeached after the Democrats take Congress?
can anyone believe how good dwayne wade is?
what good shows are on tonight?
How do you prove to your parents that you are truly responsible?
How do I know if he really likes me?
definition of current purchasing power?
In terms of absolutes, which is bigger...?
help! i have acne!?
Why everybody likes to watch World Cup?
Should Weed Be Legal to buy and smoke?
Are to virgo's a match?
Is America going bamkrupt?
How can I get a stranger out of my house?
Sleep Issues...?
how to stop popups?
how you love more on sing on mtv?
What does it mean by 'sexy nerd'?
Why do Catholic Irish and Protestant Irish don't get along?
what other words besides maintain have the suffix tain?
What's Wrong with My Boyfriend?
Why do we wear green on St. Patrick's Day?
Why do you get sleepy after eating?
who can proof the second theory of motion?
Do you think Dallas will when the finals this year?
What are the physical attributes required to be a fast bowler?
what effect did Socrates have on Stoicism?
who will win??
Whats April 20 famous 4?
How many CPAs are there in the United States?
What are the coolest widget's out there?
What is the half circle under the basketball goal for?
Where in Europe??
Capital of Tunisia?
How do i get it back to normal?
What should I do!?
What is the most exotic fruit?
Larger brains - multiple orgasms - men women?
Where can i take music management classes in Houston texas?
Where can I find a repository of movie quotes?
how effective is nutrisystems?
Can a woman get pregnant from pre-cum?
As of this year there are 7 smackdown wrestling games?
How does one become a(n) avatar?
Do you think that women could ever fight in a war?
TNA 50 greatest moments question?
what is facism?
what movie is this line from??
What does a wolverine call sound like?
Has anyone here invested in the new Iraqi Dinar?
how do i download windows media player to my pc?
where did whaling first start in the americas?
Weatherpersons silly?
penalties for hacking into Pentagon computers?
What is the most interesting music video you've seen?
How effective is the Right to Information ACT?
Christians & Muslims?
Orthodontic evaluation?
What is, or causes, a Chinook?
what is this song?...?
where can i get a personal diary for my laptop?
name this song?
What's the mass of the universe?
whats up with the tides?
Searching for a title and artist of a blues song?
Why do blue spruce needles smell like Christmas?
Is it time for men to start to defend their rights?
Is all the players are playing for their own country?
where can i sign up for an online audio generator?
Jogging in morning - eat first or wait?
What is the average salary for a music therapist?
were can i find corsagues?????
Is it really true that drinking tea everyday loosen weight?
Is he the one?
What is the difference between a normal fault and a reverse fault?
How many Centrioles?
What does it mean when your knees crack?
am i too young to date???
how to delete the web site from the internet explorer?
Who's really good at statistics?
Are you a Mormon?
Which of the following can a President not do?
Who else hates Millard Fillmore?
is it hard to find what your looking for?
what do i do?
Javascript Help required.?
What does STP stands for?
Please tell me six words that end in "PH"?
What is the best place to have a romantic sexual encounter?
I need some help?
how to lose wieght by simple diet and short time?
Springfield Armory rifle scope for .308?
what shuld i do  ask him out ?
I still think earth is flat. what do you know.?
Thermatek termal insulation tiles?
To the girls who live or have lived together before marriage?
continental plates?
What should I do for my Best Friends 20th Birthday?
I want information of warehousing?
struts framework programming and workin enviorment?
Who is the Mouth of the South and he benefited Atlanta?
Why can't teenagers vote?
Boy Trouble?!?
What was the name of the first satellite is space?
am i crazy or fool ? choose one of them?
What is actuarial justice?
relationship joke?
Anyone heard of Mystery Science Theatre 3000?
why is the sky blue?
Where is privacy protected in the Constitution?
functions of calcium in the body?
wat is the buzz index in fantasy baseball?
why cant i get a relationship?
Which tower is higher, am or fm?
Anybody watching BBC2 ?
Who Hates Rap?
What's fascinating about Borrat?
how long does it take to become a certified plumber?
How to make yourself a good department manager?
Are British normally friendly to foreign students(Chinese)?
1st time  - best position?
Me and my mate and life?
where to find vitamins brand name is naturally prefered?
Can the President and Vice President be married or related?
does the church approve of women being priest?
What is the amount of the internal and external US debt?
Question on STD if any?
How is blood flow to the various regions of the body controlled?
what is the best way to learn how to snowboard?
Has Lamar Odom been a disappointment for the Lakers or what?
Cure to Back Acne?
where do i go to vote for heisman trophy candidates?
Installing discover game console? picking best answer today!?
track runners?
cervical cancer and partners....?
Which 1 of these 3 soccer photos is funnier?
Chemistry Questione?
How come Australia is not much cold in December?
Can anyone translate the name Susan in arabic Please?
Why do so many people think that illegals are evil people?
please help me urgently boot problem?
Will I ever be found?
definition of apparition?
If I don't eat I pass out why is this?
Can women be jerks?
Define laziness.?
mcr or gc fans?
Can a computer replace a good teacher?
Is George Bush as dangerous as most people think he is?
what is the difference between cartilage and bone?
Who said this veteran athlete?
Do Catholics worship Pope Paul or Mother Theresa or God or who?
can you prove 3=4?
bamboo and handicrafts?
Do u beleive?
what are the major organs of the skeletal system?
can anyone teach me something in another language?
Has anyone heard of a rapper called Afro Man?
which one would it be?
LISDSP  INVESTORS Association?
Does anybody have colored pool water?
what are republicans views on the death penalty?
The Everglades Club...?
who the best football team in the world?
i ate a colon cleansing pill and i chewed it?
What do that red apples mean?
I pee every 5 to 7 mins whats wrong?
Who do you think will win the World Cup?
how to die?
what is a 17 jewel majesti pocket watch worth?
help with work citied page?
How old is normal/acceptable to lose your virginity?
What countries have the highest illegal drug usage?
how much do doctor appointments cost without insurance?
what is c4h6?
need computer room?
When does baseball give out the awards for the season?
Who is going to win the World Series in 2006?
I am an average looking guy?
how can I believe in God?
Can i Protect my Yahoo folders with password?
how do i find a modling agency in oahu?
machine  translation?
Is it true that the world is going to end in 2012?
what is the best position to have an orgasm?
Bear Vs Gorilla?
how do i remove a viper car alarm from my car?
I need help with something?
how does  panel hot and cold shrinking equipment work?
do it and id rhyme.?
What do many players have written on their arms?
how to prevent mac address flooding in a switch?
What is the same meaning as commemorate.?
what are external hard drives?
teaching is an art or knowledge?
how can i get a backstreet boys fan club address?
what is the work of the command processor?
Ive been in an accident it wasnt my fault?
Who is involved in Israel politics?
Ways for a kid to MAKE MONEY?
Okay this is how it goes..?
What is ur biggest fear?
can ivf be done in victoria?
Relationship advice?
fluids fluids fluids?
What are halibut size regulations?
How effective is whiskey for a toothache?
mental arthmatic help?
Is Masturbation OK???
what do you think about cloned golf clubs?
should i leave him or stay wit him?
How much money would u pay to get your nails done?
what time does the NFL draft begin?
Can anybody recommend some good choral music?
similarities between a thumb drive and a floppy disc?
Respond to this statement?
Who is top of the team mates?
how do i no my boyfriend is in love w/me?
anybody like reggie bush?
How is the lens affected in astigmatism?
what surprises you more?
tampons or pads?...why?
I Know Nothing about STOCKS!?
what is BT cotton?
who do you think is going to win Korea or France?
What's the difference in power supplies?
How do I lose weight after delivery while breast feeding?
how to build battery powered FM radio?
Does the mail come on black friday?
is rv a good moive?
Where can I purchase official e-file decals?
wich cell phone co. is the best in ny?
what is mutual inrichment and examples?
Will boys get stupiter than girls if they smoke?
anyone else been ripped off by paypal?
What is the tuition at Fremont Christian schools for a freshman?
where is tevin cambell?
The Police's "Synchronicity" album?
how to approach a girl you like?
what does prodical mean?
How many more days is it till Christmas?
How does someone become a HVAC Certified Technician?
how do i become a tv/film extra?
Can I win againts a sheriff in court?
Which French king was the first to wear high heels?
How do I delete an Avatar?
Who authored Second Treatise of Government?
How do you find mister right?
what is the most popular hobby?
How many now in Congress hold law degrees?
Wedding gift etiquette?
Why do people not like Jehovah's Witnesses?
do you think homosexuality should be forbidden in the world?
Which country is called banana republic and why?
What kind of work do you do?
Im stuck in a pickle:?
why rotary engines are not used in most of the cars ?
What is the best free spam blocker?
Do you smoke?
electoral party?
are customers interested in whether companies are iso9000 registered?
chlorophyll in our grass?
(girls only) what would be your perfect guy?
channel to watch volleyball cup?
What towns in North Carolina play Lacrosse for 8th grade boys?
what to wear on a cinema date?
first logical answer gets best answer award (10 points)?
Is this telescope (dobsonian) good?
When will i be happy?
where can i get some tesla for my invention?
is reservation present in any other country other than india?
what's your favourite eastern european name?
When do chromosomes replicate?
I have Three questions read it down.....?
who won the world cup ?
Do you want to marry Orlando Bloom?????
would i die if i swallowed a razor?
what should i do my reserch paper on???
Todays my B-day     Does anyone wish me Happy Birthday?
mvp rosters baseball?
Higher IQ???  Bush or Monkey?
what are personality disorders?
how to overcome our laziness?
How should I prepare for indoor track starting this Monday?
why people waste their time in chatting?
how do i get a big time raceing carear?
How about this?
is there a true real time live chat video out there?
girls answer?
What baseball team is Roger Clemens on?
please click here-- its too long?
UM vs. Ball State game?
How many ways CAN you boot a Cisco router?
who thinks that this is a good poem?
gilmore girls.?
Why do women chose to put of with so much?
What are the chemicals needed for Fabric Softener Making?
Which state has the most population?
What can you say about the Gospel of Judas?
Which formation in Football is called the Christmas tree formation?
who is still a nhs dentist in south holderness?
what is the legal and financial nature of insurance?
Why people die and after death where do they go!!?
How do I delete an access denied folder?
Brokeback Mountain...?
Good nigh- morning.?
What is the best scary movie you have ever seen?
Are police allowed to search cars without any evidence?
how many days are your relatives staying for the holidays?
can legal costs associated with leasehold improvements be capitalized?
how creation be created?
What is the root word defeniton of tan tra?
mertainty belly bars?
how to watch the bbc feed of world cup?
What is your career tell me about what it is you do?
what is cobol 400?
married woman pregnant with another mans baby?
Losing My Belly?
What is the deal with Think Tanks??
Who wants to protest against the war by refusing to pay tax?
which sea cliffs are the highest sea cliffs in the world?
How can I get hired quickly for a summer job?
Where Can I Find Volunteer Work?
What's the difference between mythology and religion?
who is the captain of the Winston churchill navy destroyer?
name infingment law?
whatis intelligent preparation of battlefield?
where can i find free ebook in genetics?
what is the plot of the gift of the magi?
Am I beautiful?
DJing.. anybody knkows an answer?
What should have been done to catch Bin Laden sooner?
Why are hormones important to the maintenance of homeostasis?
why did my moniter screen turn up-side down?
what is the population of Chiayi?
AJAX slide show giving best questions and answers?
Why is Chuck Norris so freakin awesome?
What race is the most racist?
whos the best mexican player?
BarryManilow'scurrentpersonallife?
Why do rainbows take the shape of an arc?
Why do men want more?
Invest in Property in london?
How hard to enter Tisch School of Arts?
who do u think is the best player right now playing soccer?
what is intestinal bug,causes,signs and cure?
do you realy believe in aliens?
Are my eyes giving out on me?
When will you hold employers accountable?
Problem Man?
how long does it take to get braces installed?
What affect does Africa's location have on its overall climate?
Here's a joke.?
What song makes you think of the color blue?
What are the instrument use by astronomer in studying heavenly bodies?
Please give me any 2 words end with mt?
what are the services included in a funeral or memorial planning?
wot the biggest word that you can fine in.?
How to respond to job offer that is moving very slow?
Question to the once saved always saved believers?
i need help! is he worth it?
the best brand soft contacts?
Surely, you can't be serious?
What do the Spurs have to do to improve even more?
What is you Favorite Childhood Memory?
if u .....?
Why do Muslims get hard-ons over their religion?
EaSy one...?
Find the infinite sum and give justification for how you calculated it?
How long can mosquitos live?
What is a nine sided shape called ?
find the limit of?
united states postal zip codes?
is it dangerous to bath after a full meal?
who is the author of the dr.seuss books?
do you think Talor should have won American idol?
What presendential candidate will win in 2008?
What do you think about the movie of "Babel"?
Were dinosaurs reptiles?
Where the tangent is perpendicular to...?
free passports?
Have you had a professional shave and haircut?
Why do girls have a vagina?
Getting a gun for protection - first gun need advice?
Why do I look different in a mirror than in a picture?
what is this bump i have?
how can one get rid of some white hairs gaining on head?
which group protect gay's in the world?
Where is Emmitt Smith?
what is the market size of mid-sized retail stores?
1 3/8 n= 6 1/2?
who do you think are the greatest three players in NHL history?
Help!!!!!!   Anyone had this problem?
Do you believe in past lives and why ?
life insurance agents?
Cooking Frogs/ have you been cooked??
What Is Brisk Lemon Iced Tea made out of?
Is anyone else really excited about the Democrat win?
if u have a millions, what will you do with it?
how can i elongate my pines?
Do girls like tall guys?
What was the cause of the Big Bang?
Is B Bonds on Steriods?
where can I find vintage videos online?
Christians are promised there food basket will never be empty.?
Freemasonry?  ( 2-3 words only )?
Any body know of Newschoolers.com?
What is the hobby of collection postcard called?
who sings that what are u gonna do?
Is there a way to enhance my strength easily?
does yahoo hve chat?
did lakers win yeterday?
what is the upcoming future for real estate market?
Any ideas for a mostly adult Christmas party?
what is a cyst on the brain?
Where are you from and where do you live now?
What date was Good Friday in 2004?
How bad can life really get?
how many dead people are going to vote this year?
how much was spent on the great wall of china?
how do u say best friend is spanish?
what is characteristic of  zener diode?
What are Michigan's statutory rape laws?
what the best way to get rid of roachs?
Please help    y=-x-3?
I need a good dating site?
Why can't women become catholic priests?
Who is your favorite nascar driver?
How can I make a 3D model of the human eye?
why women need to be educated?
How many fingers you use while typing?
Ive been over paid at work?
Wasn't the moon landing really filmed in a studio?
How do i delete a my yahoo question?
alien abduction?
If creationism is correct, riddle me this?
Why am I seeing stars, like when you bump your head?
what does freedom mean to you????
What do guys look for in a girl?
how easy is it to get a small business grant?
hello this is for ezkiss plz read?
Headache and dizzy!?
please help.?
how to the find phone no if we have their address?
when will the blackberry ruling be final?
What is the name of your institution?
Why did God gave women two legs ?
Why do priests sexually abuse woman?
best high school memory?????
How does clay form?
does anyone know anything about pre-trials?
is iron a heavy metal?
Does anyone know the lyrics to the song...?
Best place to get birht control pills?
am 15 yrs old may i do body building?
How to play pat-a-cake game with babies?
How do you rid your home of a spirit?
RUN menu codes?
Who is 'An Enemy of the People'?
what should be done to minimize the harmful effect of mining?
what is the 12 week bodyblitz challenge?
does stainless steel rust?
Need to ask a lawyer about how insurance policy?
what is the washington mutual 800 phone mumber?
can i ask questions in Spanish?
why rainbow lasts for a few minutes?
lost,.been told by friend i should watch?
I am 20 years old, what is my generation called?
Who do you this will win the 2006 superbowl?
Name Vandalia in USA?
why do i feel dizzy?
ha..can i get anymore confused!?
american express or visa?
How can I get free advise on sexual concerns on line?
Should Halal meat be allowed ?
Can a disbarred attorney be paid for contingent fees?
Who is your favourite player from AC MIlan?
What was used  to clean teeth before toothpaste was invented?
Would you girls prefer the world without any men?
i need one form provided?
Employee Retaliation?
Are there any college degrees that are worthless?
what is 2+2?
flu shots in ct?
not going to do this but?
wheres the best places to go in Capetown?
How to deal with the extented families, high expectations?
Wat is your favorites sports?...!?
iowa laws concerning where employees take their break at work?
Is Bermuda Triangle real?
Ever heard of zimbabwe ?
Who is the best astrology forecaster?
noise in my ears?
in science what is one thing that cannot be classified?
what is standard lamp?
Whats Your Favorite Green Day Song?
Why don't earthquakes happen everywhere?
what if there were no rhetorical questions?
If you were a drink... what would you be?
how do i find what different symbols mean on sheet music?
How do u start your own web hosting to earn money?
what rights did women have in ancient Athens?
Why do black guys lust after White Women?
L.A. Faker Fans?
What do u think about US general people?
What Words relate to the word Diurnal by each letter?
What the hell is this?
birth control pills, question?
what state has the largest range of mountains?
When is your 111th birthday?
Help find and learn how to do soccer tricks?
true or false?
Can a dog see anything on television?
why do girls ask " does this make me look fat"?
anyone know a good website?
Which is MORE perplexing?
what is plasmolisis?
What is the general opinion about Indians in America?
What is a Nudist? would u like it ?
need help with geometry.?
What song best describes how you feel about your wife/girlfriend?
who scored the first gool of Korea-Japan 2002?
What country was Antonio Cassano born?
How will your vote be swayed?
What do you hate most about your self???
Is it a risk?
Why are Republicans so full of hate?
who want my picture?
Who is the best coach in the NHL?
Anyone an expert on the plant life cycle?
can u be friends with your ex-boyfriend.?
When is Mother's Day for the year 2006?
how much is the step of giving reservation justified?
What is a baby squirrel called?
what race of women have the tightest vagina?
How do I start up a conversation with an attractive stranger?
what should I do if my boyfriend hasn't called me?
Most mountainous state?
Does anyone else get the magazine "The Lakeside Collection"?
have you watched 9/11 movie by Michael Moore !?
Does any one know Eminem's email address?
Is there way for wishes to come true?
Does rubbish grammar get on anyone else's nerves?
Week 12 Matchup- What Do You Think?
Do you think the CFL sucks?
Are there any fish in the world that eat plants or wood?
Tastes great or less filling?
I need a new sex trick, go any?
friend problems?
How much does a toothpick weigh?
why don't u wanna be a muslim?
Could a black and white hole ever merge?
what should be the punishment for the people who rapes?
Why does my little sister write backwards?
How many of you on here,actually LIVE in?
making a home gym, punching bag reccomendations?
deployment  tools?
i am so confused! HELP?!!?
who are the people represented by members of congress?
Hi! Are you buzy?
I need help figuring out how many days from now until then?
im a virgin.........?
How can I get my printer to work?
Where can I personally contact a Thai ladyboy for a relationship?
Can u guys tell me ANY free game making software?
Can someone tell me how they feel about James Blunt.?
what does muses of character means?
Do you like penis erection?
Is Ford really better than Chevy?
combining gases pressure/volume HELP !!!?
anyone knows Chebyshev's inequality?
once you lose your licence how cann you get it back?
I am going of birth control pills, what should I expect?
Who is better, New York Yankees or  the Boston Red Sox?
chem chem chem?
will they find out about it?
what is osteopenia and how serious is the condition?
What 2006 Draft pick will have the greatest effect on the league?
Where does the everyday sweet shop owner purchase their stock from?
What college did most astronauts graduate from?
How do antibiotics kill bacterial cells but not human cells?
how do you know you're really in love ???
When will it end?
What is the origin of the NASA space launch countdown?
How much cash reserve do I need to keep in the bank?
What would you do when studying for a test?
where should I post this question?
would you vote for Charles Barkley if he ran for president?
describe the impact of railroads on the amercian economy?
Is it true?
laptop help?
VBScript Logon/Logoff Event Tracking?
How do you ask somebody out?
Does anyone know anything about a Christian Huygens the scientist?
After the  age 60 is politics important?
A hidden Story?
so what is the real definition of a civil war?
What's the cure for being neurotically reclusive?
Solution to the system containing these equations?
what is the uvula used for?
Administrative Solutions Group?
Why do men lie and why can't they stop?
does anyone know how to stop a bad toothache?
what time is it where your living right now??
Daniel Craig - bah humbug!?
when the world cup will begin?
Importance of Education?
When I only use one eye why is everything still three dimensional?
what is the importance of budgeting?
My Questions Answered  ?
where can i interview a paralegal online? asap?
which is the most beautiful university in the world?Why?
How does the holocaust effect us today?
anyone ever hear of serial killer Andrei Chikatilo ?
What were betsy ross's 7 children named?
People on Plastic Surgery Shows?
Do you have any idea why this happens to me?
a man goes to a bar?
do dolphins have nipples?
what are the differences between Application software and system software?
what is the ring of fire near the pacific ocean?
what are the downsides of lapse in healthcare insurance?
Please see below?
I would like a website for men that like big girls?
E-mail in court?
what are isometric exercises?
The name and artist of the song to these lyrics?
What is a blanket defense?
this one girl?
how can i approach a sweet pretty girl?
Anyone remember Tobor the 8th Man?
Ladies...how often do you recommend to douche?
What causes those out of control carb cravings?
what are the six components of health?
All Republicans incite rage?
Girls only.  I just spoke with my X-gal.?
What is your favorite MLB team and MLB player?
Unanswerable question?
Liver tranplantation Data?
what are some tell-tale signs...?
How would you define a best man to be in your wedding?
how long is an elephant pregnant for?
how use my net banking?
how do you pronounce...?
Social cognition theory?
What are the factors that define a black hole?
what does SWAT mean?
Whats the benefit in EU considering Turkey for membership ?
where can I get info of gun prices?
what are boogers?
What to do!?
What is your favorite color?
Has anyone went from Jehovahs witness to pagan?
ma_rodriguez78?
i'm into some strange sexual things?
what is the solubility of ethanol?
what is the size of a white tiger cub?
OK who do u think is gonna win the world cup?
PLEASE i need help with this?
no beer or gear for a year! can i do it ?
How many soldiers did that "famous blue dress" kill?
What printers are compatible with Lexmark X1185?
Ebay Search Question. Please Help.?
Justin Gatlin breaks the 100m world record?
Going to planned parenthood.. bc??
which indian cricketer has made 35 test 100's?
How does a company pay for itself ?
Are you in Iraq or were you in Iraq?
I updated yahoo and lost my encryption.?
how to set up the nude mice house?
if someone sneezes....?
characterstics of cephalochordata?
Has anybody  seen a real ghost? i have?
How do I fall in love with my husband again?
How can a fertile soil be non-productive?
why do we have to breathe?
What do you think of Christopher Lambert?
What city named after this song by Weezer?
how did he know?
how can i  get a boy friend?
what is custodial investigation?
Google and Yahoo video, which is better?
What are the major problems in our educational systems??
which striker was a top scorer in the 1994 world cup?
Have you ever worked at a fast food or restuarant?
How do I improve my attitude?
Why do people believe that God micro-manages the universe?
What is the best laptop on the market?
What would be a more appropriate icon for the Mexican flag?
how to change my password for my  yahoo maill?
DR.'S appointment.  checkup.  what happens?
how someone can treat candida disease?
do you or would you invest in the stock market?
who is from arkansas?
how long is your hair???
Unable to connect using router wirelessly?
basketball tickets (osu)?
Movie quotes?
how can you tell if someone likes you?
Who is the craziest celebrity who ever lived?
who is the best acter?
Are there any REAL Simpsons fans online right now??
What is a tyrannosaurus rex?
Are you a vegetarian or a vegan ?
Do you think i could learn to knit from the internet?
what if !!??
How much difference do road tyres make on a mountain bike?
how many people a year die do to cigarette smoke?
Was I wrong in this situation?
application of systems theory to sociology of health and illness?
can someone write a list of good rap songs?
theoretical limit of electrons?
favorite possession?
Does your city or town have...?
How do you correctly spell "totter teller"?
Do dual processor mother boards improve gaming experience?
Unix terminal problem with less command?
Is there anybody here from Jordan?
What is the best way of pleasing a girl?
how do i stay fit?
What is the most aesthetic word in the world?
Who was the actress and who was the bishop?
Is this a good reason?
i want to lose my belly fat but how?
how do you clean rust off a carbon steel putter?
What cactuses grow well indoors?
Is string theory finished or proved incorrect in theory?
What is the secret of the universe?
how can you nonsurgically fix scoliosis?
why do people sometimes say....?
Whats your favorite song on the Aaliyah album?
Is there a way to safely dispose of nuclear waste?
video error?
Paging button on the phone,right?
Can anyone tell me how Rebelde ends?
cool picture useing points x and y-axis?
Can you wait for Christmas and are you ready for Christmas?
Who invented homwork?
Can i setup my Flash Disk as a booting device?
Do you like movies about gladiators?
plz help me i am confused?
What percentage of the US total consumption of oil is imported?
Level of schooling needed for Marine Biologists?
The sexiest girl ever is.... ?
Are there any dangers in prolonged use of ant acids ?
which girl did the bachelor pick??????
Can Prozac make you extremely tired?
How do I find out?
what was ur age when u first fell in love?
how do you say 'owl' in korean?
What is the ultimate graphic designers computer set-up?
what is the best way to answer in the technical interviews?
how can i send voice messages?
Does UAE have consulates in USA other than in Washington DC?
what is better a fix rate or a open rate?
Which is the most commonly visited website on the world wide web?
antonym for idiot?
How long does it take to get food poisoning?
is Hilary Duff getting married?
Charging friend for website work?
hold what against you?
any one have .png format clip?
What are dreams made up of?
can more than 1amp kill someone?
Name the process that makes mist appear on a mirror?
Which US state has the coolest state flag?
Should I be a CPA or a lawyer?
Please expalin in detailabout rolling friction?
how to machine hastelloy c276?
how do you do a jump with a skate board?
why is it so hard to be good?
If I had a hammer could I hammer in the morning?
what is the best way to clean out your sunus?
I want an acrostic poem on friend?
Do You Think Madonna is getting boring?
how many people like doing math?
mayor pro tem?
Superbowl CHARGERS?
What award show was Michel Jackson supposed to perform on?
Why do you have to take a dump after smoking?
does anyone know any awesome techno to listen to?
What is the letter of a GPA of 2.52?
what does clapping have to do with waves?
what is a black hole?
first language of world?
what are professional campaigns?
Burning MPG files  to DVD.?
Favorite Verse?
What is Piaget's theory?
What causes your eye to jump?
im looking for the chinese alphabet?
Why there are only two sexes in this world?
I know this is an unusual question but..?
What does it mean to be an American??
Girls and 'bad guys'?
Question for Nurses?
what is pepgen p-15 ?
who was nehrus girlfriend?
Why does a majority of people cheer for the underdog?
What color is belly button lint?
Pakistan&Srilanka Cricket series.Any comments?
What is The Best Wwe Website?
help on what to get for a mini dv video camera?
how to reduce fat without doing excercise?
Did you hear about this?  What is your opinion?
Old debt to collections?
DNA repair?
The great circle at zero degrees latitude is know by what name?
what is the craziest thing you have done for love?
Please HELP!!!!?
Have you brought "Sexy Back"?
I dont get this.....?
feels like an idiot?
why do men have nipples?
did time had a begining?
where are legal medicinal cannibis shops in Northern Ca?
How did European nations help the continental army in the revolutionary war?
Can you answer someone who answered your question on board? How?
Is Chris Bosh of the Raptors hurt?
your fave soccer team is ?
can an employee tape record a disciplinary hearing?
Sleepover with Friend Ideas ?
myspace Q???
hgtv's  "i want that" bonus word?
differetiate between retrol engine and diesel engine?
what turns a guy on the most?
How often do you get to wake up naturally?
weight gaining problem?
does this guy at school like me cause i do??
Have you noticed immigration increases after wars are over?
When did Robert Rogers play for the Houston Oilers?
helpme find a dance song from 1996?
how can i get design optimization of automotive chassis for project purpose?
How to beat temtation when my Boyfriend leaves?
two clever clogs?
I have another one...feel free to write impressions?
do you know me?
Are lap dances getting better in your area?
how do i end/terminate my yahoo account?
Sebadoh album?
Survey! Easy...unlike other peoples!?
has anyone ever gotten a loan through express 1 loans?
best way to stop smoking.?
What is the safest and most efficient spyware removal tool?
study of cell division in culture techniques?
what do u think of the song my humps?
where have all these guys gone???
Do you belive in angels ?
My mouth dries out fairly quickly without action..?
who belives in the Armenian Genocide?
sometimes when i cough too much my nuts hurt?
what is oral health?
what's wrong of being gay?
I am getting a American Student VISA?
Has the world gone mad? Should I worry?
Electron configuration of Ca(OH)2?
how do you know if you like someone or not?
the word 'Rainbow' in over 100 languages?
do u know anybody funny jokes?
What's the best way to define faith?
What are some of your rugby team's zulu traditions?
how do I get my leval higher.?
what is etcetera ?
Is this rhyme good/intricate?
does Florida have the homestead act?
How much does a MAC G4 weigh?
I need a list of all the messages in the windows API?
I want a new job.  Any offers?
So I guess Rumsfeld has decided to cut and run?
Who will win the NBA Championship?
What suits Britney better?
Is there natural way to increase woman breast size?
Who bought Memphis Hardwood Flooring Company and for how much?
mischief rule?
are postage stamps still legal tender in australia?
I am on Effexor XR for depression?
why do some people have dimples on there lower back?
formula of Frequency density?
for a good women only?
any couples out there pisces and virgo?
what about them dodgers....?
how to calculate your size either in UK or US manner?
What are your feelings about your colon?
what is Alexender the great Macedonian or Greek.?
what  trade stock  is the best  investment for rapid  growth?
What is the longest workers compensation case?
why i don't have girlfrens?
Is it too late for Europe?
Open question to white people?
Hey Guys, Do you like to cook? If yes what?
The Best computer music player?
free online german to english dictionary?
Aren't all atheists secular humanists somewhat?
Should Mike Piazza's number be retired as a met?
What color is a polar bear's skin?
Who all saw the big round UFO last night?
what are the best  free fantasy world cup sites?
how we can cure the acne with a fast way?
how does motion relate to physic?
what are carbenes?
How do I smelt gold at home?
Is Phoenix University a hightly recognized one.?
Ghosts.........?
wat is the longest word in English???
im in drama class help me?
Why we need to praise our students?
When is it time to go exclusive in a relationship ?
Maths project for class 10(cbse)?
Are you Pyschic???
what awards did the scarlet letter win?
Which is the best High School in the United States of America?
8020 Home Loan??
Can I invest in a Japanese company through a regular discount broker?
I'm a kid in need?
Tipz 4 Pleasuing A Large Woman?
how could I find out if I'm at Risk?
can you believe that ?
What are the normal margins in Microsoft Word 2003?
does anyone go to murphy middle school?
I need a website to show me info about soccer?
most frequent questions parents ask regarding children's communication?
im having swelling in my feet and hands what could be wrong?
what if 30 million of us decided not to pay income tax?
What percentage of the human body's mass is water?
Mixed up 14 yr old boy?
How many towns or cities called Springfield are there in the US?
What should I know about soccer if I want to try out?
what is 5+5=??
why do married men look for somebody else?
What's Yeast Infection?
How can we fight corruption?
What's wrong with Shortbus?
how market and customer behaviour determines R&D activities in organisation?
Who Would Win Harley Race or Bret Hart!?
Best matches ever?
i need help!!!?
How do you clean your cue stick shaft?
anyone ever see there brother or sister naked or hooking up?
how can i find out what a person was in jail for?
How to look like a boy (ftm)?
Is there any way I can stop my stomach from grumbling?
Immigration help and ?'s?
what species of spiders is the biggest in size?
Where did "awkward turtle" originate?
What's better Snowboarding or Skiing?
anyone know anything about cherry picking in brentwood,CA?
how long does it take for an eyebrow piercing to heal ?
Will Goldberg be able to beat The Great Khali ?
How can he know that i like him?
who is most powerful man in the world ?
What is the orgin of the name "Dula"?
what is the total population of the Philippines in 2006?
Can you calm a man if he is jealous?
what is the key to sucess?
Is Zionism, Anti-Semitism?
how to make an avatar in this site?
what's your favorite pick up line?
Helmholtz experimments...?
crossword puzzle term -" opposite of hips"?
what is whitney houstan's birth date?
What facilities are available for communication in Windows ?
Is there a point to the war in Iraq???
aleve??????
What are your ear worms?
What do you beleive in and why?
How do I turn message forwarding off for AIM?
Has anyone watched "Loose Change" about 911?
what is the difference between a BPO and an IPO?
sentence with the word pensive in it?
What is the specific gravity of Earth?
Does the Devil work in mysterious ways?
growing algae?
where can i sell my network switches online without auctions?
Did Damien Fahey have a crush on Lala?
child passport renewal,help!!?
who score goals for Man.Utd on Sunday?
Do you eat cereal as breakfast and snack or just breakfast?
what is the best position to please her...?
What is my credit Score- How is motion measured?
why do nurses need to learn how to calculate drugs?
LEAVE ME alone....?
what are sin taxes?
whats the best cure for gout?
can i get rich from becoming a computer engineer?
how do i change networks?
how much weight can someone safely lose in a month?
how can i get a credit card?
DO fish prefer the dark or the light?
Is he  genuine?
Who was born on February 19?
what is love??
Do you think god well hate the people that are gay?
What do you think of Googlepages?
Earning from blogging-usual time?
I have to make a chemistry model.plz help?
What should a government be allowed to force upon the people?
what does it mean when my rectum itch?
ok so i need a boyfriend i am really hot?
Why do some Spaniards look down on us Latinos?
How old is Figo?
Does wrestling require strength or technique?
How did Ryan Ross's dad die?
help me if ur not dumb?
who is your fave raw diva?
What is a football sim league?
Why is Corporate America so greedy?
do you know this about yahoo answers?
what do i wear to an afternoon wedding in winter?
Do you believe in......?
what is difference between love and friendship?
marijuana for asthma?
I need help with my forehand!!!?
what are the main layers of the ocean.?
what did one girl firefly say to the other ?
Does anybody have 360 share pro for downloading music and games?
divide ten pizzas between 8 people?
What are some books to get someone interested in reading?
any new sex style for my boyfriend and i?
What's the best way to lose weight?
where u African gals at, i need to lay one?
Question!!!!!!!!!?
how" Roland Garros" comes?
Is eternal life possible?
Cant stop laughing?
Undertaker & Great Khali( more details)?
interview project?
how much % of human brain capabilities are obtained in modern robots?
who leads the steelers in career points?
how deep is the ocean?
How does Clenbuterol work?
what happened to toni on girlfriends?
London terror raid - Give me your verdict?
any one need professional nutritionest (free) ?
is clicknmakemoney a scam?
what is indgo?
Whats the best way to wash a white baseball hat?
Where can I find  lyrics to  Latin songs?
How intelligent is the average soldier?
what is electronic commerce?
what is the definition of single-gender of education?
what are the funniest major league baseball names you remember?
is it true that...?
how can i boost my libido?
what are two characteristics shared by plants and green algae?
where can i find detail drawings on tubular steel connections?
What is the Patriot Act about?
I need major math help?
what is an electron?
How can i stop being so picky?
Has anyone here ever had a threesome?
Why do my network cables come out the router so easily?
how to calculate delay and throughput in voip?
why pakistani are caleed backword?
How would you describe yourself?
little help  abt adobe photoshop?
Why can I swim longer with breaststroke then with freestyle?
Why does yahoo change the protocols of its messanger?
Can someone give me a love reading please?
do you agree that yahoo became very strict?
weres the drivers for sb0090?
does anyone know about fixing the audio control on the pc?
Is there any way to make cum taste better?
What is the most romantic thing you've told somebody?
capacitor question?
So what have you caught while fishing this year.?
how do I become a beta tester?
Would you like to ask me a question?
How long was Hogan in TNA?
why are guys ?
Is Wayne Rooney overrated?
What Determines Species Diversity?
Who out there can understand why some guys don't listen?
internet vs internet2?
Can a God have Buddha mind?
For my state and im sure for many others?
What's the best brand of clothing!  ??
Can you patent a Hypothesis?
what albums have sold over 15 million copies?
Thomas Jefferson called which state his home?
How do I know if I am a homosexual?
what are the health benefits of sesame oil?
how can i improve my memory capabilities?
artificial as pearls?
Did it ever snow in Los Angeles during the last 20 years?
where is the best  soccer tournment  in the world?
how old are you america?
Can you stalk a stalker?
Any adivce for shin splints?
Do women's feet smell?
i must apologize?
who would want to see Brock Lesnar to come back?
Breast Hardness?
who is micheal ballack?
What do jocks look for in a girl ?
the qusion is below?
who is your favourite Rugby Team?
what was the lost generation like?
Thoughts on this article (immigration)?
What does sexual side effect mean?
How can so many people believe in God?
How do you put nickname instead of e-mail name?
When your nice, why do you only get pain?
What is the best place to put a sitemap?
Ever seen an Earthlight?
should you stay married for the kids?
will i ever get a date with Prince wife?
Hey, anyone love Elvis out there?
Bush=Global Warming?
why i can not travelled in time machine?
How do i build my lower abbs?
Is this enough to lose weight?
Do I exist or am I a figment of my imagination?
What do you think?
Subtract.  Express your answer in simplest form.?
what is bonitinha?
Who's prettier?  Carrie Underwood or Kelly Clarkson?
Credit Report mystery...?
Help please?
Is bleeding after menopause normal?
I want to goto MARS can anyone direct me?
what is a prefix for skeleton?
what is the children's rights charter?
where's the IQ tests???
where are the cheapest homes in America?
Can you answer these 7 riddles?
for girls to answer please?
girl's growth spurt?
I need help to save my marriage?
Which show is better?
This question is not a question. Is that logical?
how do i get a personalized curser?
math soulutions?
how many points are being deducted from a credit check?
asthma in military?
Would you like a relationship that makes your heart sing?
who is square root records?
where does the name crinoids derive from?
PHP question?
how microcomputer could help small and medium industry owner?
How do you prevent teenagers from rolling yourself with toilet paper?
How can you fight with someone holding a knife?
Do you think that Milan was only lucky against lyon?
Is good friday a national holiday?
Skin damage from Sun - How to treat?
see below?
whats the highest paying job or career?
Isn't being knocked out for surgery like being dead?
Future of UT football?
Why, ask why?
what should i name a poetry book that i wrote?
When do you get that 1099 form?
cite the scopes in marine engineering?
lesbian sites?
Is there a way to detect extremely high pitched sound waves?
I have a suggestion for everyone?
what is the right age to lose your virginity?
What do you call the attorney general in Europe?
what do you think about tattoos or body peircings?
non-degree mental health jobs/Columbus, Ohio?
What is sparging air in gas turbine?
what does a governor really do?
know whatahmean?
i need to find out how to locate somebody for free?
any Kevin Harvick Lovers?
do pro basketball players wear athlete supporters?
any redsox fans?
What should my college major be?
business problem?
who thinks there`s gonna be a war?
dry out easily and feel the pain during sex?
Best James Bond film?
does any guy want to go out with me?
collection agency wont give up?
Is America, and Democratic nation?
if you have ocd i need some personal experience info?
How do the Brazillan people feel about persinal space?
info. on Usher?
Do you really believe these things?
does anyone know how to have phone sex?
What is your favorite Thanksgiving desert?
give presents: before or aftern NY?
what is the quatratic formula?
have you ever threw up @ skool?
Any tips on studying?
Explain the relationship between air masses and weather?
list of speciality eye hospital at delhi?
What is a psychological examination?
What is bouyant force?
How do i stop having nightmares all the time?
carear question?
Name of Australian Uranium Cos.?
Weird or not weird?
Sample essays for leaving cert?
a cousin of the frog?
who was the best goal keeper in the 30ths?
why is my butt bleeding?
What can you eat when you have a tummy ache?
who is the oldest scorer in world cup football?
Math Question?
Special Education question *teaching*?
how do you get firewalls off yahoo messenger?
what are the 3 things that evrey man will do?
informaision abuot oil tanker?
what do u think of motx riders?
Riddle for the ultra smart?
Which came 1st chicken or egg?
The girl i like has a boyfriend...?
what is smaller,centimeter or millimeter?
when cold calling strangers, how do you get "in"?
Red Sox Fans?
Isn't It Really HIS Business?????
Do you think I should be concerned with having MS?
question about social security?
Does anyone know how I can locate a Former Highschool Teacher?
boyfriend troubles?
What is IT solutioning?
where is bile produced?
capital of peru??
What is the abbreviation for manurfacturing?
Are you celebrating LOHRI?
is parabola(rational funtion) a polynomial?
chinees new year 2007?
what are the symptoms of optopic pregnancy?
what graft is better for acl reconstruction?
whats a cool tatoo?
Just some sports unifrom trivia?
where can i sell my stuff online other than ebay?
what happens if you go days without drinking water?
What is the World Series?
what do fruits and vegetables have in common?
what is two plus two?
Show of hands if anyone supports a child through WorldVision?
I believe teachers are underpaid but ...?
Why is cheese so tasty?
what are kaiser permanente's 2006 strategic objectives?
Where is the Voyager space craft now?
How many calories does orange soda have?
How do you show respect to Norways Flag?
which team has most fun ?
What info are employers required to put on paystubs?
can a bubblegum be dangerous?
I want a house sooo bad!?
propane at STP?
What do you think about Andre Iguodala?
in what ways does sexuality play a part in social inequality?
do u like to learn about islam?
Who was Jules Rimet? What country was he from?
where can i find information on duplex control circuits?
Ladies - talk about facial attractiveness?
I'm looking for Sharon hiscock anyone seen her?
Youth Conservation Corps 1980 Shawnee National Forest, anyone out there?
How many reindeers has Santa Claus? Why?
Why are brunettes so sexy?
What site has company earnings charts?
Can Teaching be considered at profession?
do i trust a russia women though the internet?
Are women more superficial than men?
Is SSADM an Agile development methodology?
Any tips for a setter??
how many times birazul attend world cup?
What is the diameter of a square?
Do you belive in genies?
bacterial growth curve?
Is Bono talking too much?
are the theocons mad at the neocons?
Are non-believers given a fair say?
help me win this stupid bet...plzz?
is George Sassoon sill alive?
Do you believe in horoscopes and astrology?
whats the rezon of this word?
Is a proposal after 9 months of dating too soon?
What is a good excuse for ditching class?
Which Political Party has a higher divorce rate?
Do you know who lives in your neighborhood?
Why do we allow Canada to kill seals?
What is a really cool movie?
how to lose stomach fat?
how to pronounce G11N? Why?
Why are cell phones so needed in today's society?
Internet Explorer Problem?
Can God annihilate herself out of sheer boredom?
Is there a God? Prove it.?
what jobs earn over 34,000 dollars per year?
can you 'pop the cherry' more than once?
were can i find JFKs Anagaration Speech?
what is a possessive noun?
10 reasons why k fed sucks?
is wiretapping constitutional?
uses of mathematical limit in daily life?
What are some songs that a son could sing to his mom?
Are hermaphrodites gay?
What do you know about technology of 2006?
Do you like to be looked at?
What is the best ACT prep book?
Omaha Beach quotes?
how long do tapeworms live and how many are there?
Why didn't Jesus write the bible?
CPG Internet Marketing.what does CPG stand for?
Will Anyone Be Surprised When ?
drops in a milliliter?
Is there any way I could get motivated to do my homework?
What is meant by "the four corners of the earth"?
which is the  best 9 11 documentry?
How many members are in Congress today?
Who do you think will win this week Arsenal or Liverpool?
Is Aaron Carter for 11 year olds?
Looking for a good Chirstmas Grace?
what is bioassimilaion?
what happened on passions today?
when is the free fishing weekend in Ct?
Do u think this is genuine?
where did you heard about b5?
Do whales have ears?
what tasks are expected from the internet cafe manager?
which sport uses the term drop kick in it???
do you see masonic symbols?
What is the meaning of War?
prison break...?
why do men get turned on by women liken women?
where did the phrase ragamuffin originate?
Is anyone else here a fan of Joe Nichols?
which style?
what car do you obsess about  everyday?
who is the oldest living person in the world?
What state has higher elevations, Arizona or Louisiana?
im an aries baby, who else?????
Does anybody know of an online book database website of sorts?
does anyone know the school holiday dates for norfolk schools?
What do you think of single women dating married men?
how to spy on dorm phone?
Which team is going to win VB series ?
name of song?
What is the best Alice in Chains song to you people?
how do you pronounce thank you in greek?
Pro/Anti Green Revolution?
How can I become a Major League Baseball Umpire?
So what kind of  tricks U can do while playing soccer??
why does javy have a headache?
How can I...?
can i reduce my business rent for not having my air working?
what is range and domain?
What qualifications do you need to have before adopting a child?
Could you just eat me up?
any singles in tucson Az (im 18)?
Why does everyone hate Bush?
cana girl become a quarterback?
Are there any good and current Telugu movies?
Looking for Total Eklipse cheerleading team?
Guy Fawkes, political terrorist or Catholic martyr?
What's your favorite shop/mall?
NRL rocks.?
How much do turn tables cost?
Where can I get free to low cost dental care?
What is motor neuron disease?
how do you get rid of ingrown toenails?
Who will win Sundays game?
What is Climate Change?
how do i have divorce documents dismissed out of court?
african has no history?
Where can I find fun dressup games?
Sign out completely?
step by step how to devide with decimals please?
Looking for a old friend?
Can you explain?
Who killed Jesus?
Need to get a certified check?
what do you think about allowing immigrants into our country?
what are some good online businesses to start?
How do I set up a wireless network?
serious response please !!?
who know what this qwertyuiop mean ?
mp3 player downloads?
what are some good stocks for short term?
what make you RELAX?
Anybody have a bad experience with EBAY?
Do you believe this?
protichobi?
Can the Phoenix Suns win the NBA Championship this decade?
How to create Administrator/Users on standalone system?
What is the gland that courses sleeping?
How much do mechanical engineers earn ?
i lost my desk top information i cannot go to internet explorer?
Gift ideas on a tight budget?
i need information on channing tatum?
Does love exist?
How do women ejactulate?
recipie for Plant DNA Clean up solution Please?
what is urban consolidation?
birthday presents for your boyfriend?!?!?!?
How can i help ease my stretchmarks?
germany or poland???
What kinds of noise pollution do you hate the most?
where do i find top hit songs from India?
What are the meanings of the OSU colors?
Deal or No Deal Favorite Model?
wher on earth is the isle of wight?
How do I connect 2 offices by the internet?
Help me make money online , i need desperately some extra  cash?
would you rather save your self for the right person?
how to create an avatar with photoshop?
The goal scorer so far?
I need help understanding my school work. Can you help?
area of triangle?
fantasy grid .. Winston / Grand National?
What are your favorite songs of the 1970's?
when you switch out a light  ?where does the light  go?
what is research work?
What is your favorite film noir?
Have you ever swelled up after you ate?
pubic shaving?
Name 15 historical events in California?
how to use 2 webcams at once?
Finding job?
what program do I need to download manga successfully?
would any hindu convert to other religion??
6 yrs old boy???
how does globalisation overcome religious and cultural fundamentalism?
Okay, PLEASE HELP!?
if my husband wants a 3 some,what can i do?
Has anyone ever had this happen....?
Net Cash flow from investing activites?
What does cyber mean?
who is the best soccer defense in the world?
Hollywood Love Scenes?
Does your lover flirt with other people in front of you?
Charles Darwin -- Did he believe in God?
Have you seen When a Stranger Calls?
Has anyone had thier gallbladder removed?
Has anyone here got anything from Ebay before?
why do some plants grow better outside?
which database is better oracle or microsoft?
information about ion conductor ceramic?
What have you denied yourself of lately?
What is the scientifical name for "boogers"?
Physics problem?
How would I find an IP address of someones instant message?
What are the two types of Magnetic Levitation?
Is There Any Conclusive Proof To Reincarnation?
what is a suckler cow?
should i stay or should i go now?
what make the color in a flower?
whats my name?  it starts with an "a"?
how much gold has been mined on planet earth?
Why use beta blocker in postop patients?
What Do You Think Of Sudoku?
how to prepare for the campus interview??
would a submerged turbine run faster compared to one that is not?
what the safe treatments of breath problems (azema)?
strengths for the glorious revolution?
is chubby bad?
baby sitting- does any body have a good name?
why do wholesalers?
Can the USA survive with out in God we trust?
What are some benefits of NOT watching TV?
download at&t yahoo software?
Roger Clemens or Greg Maddux?
Why a two party system?
Where are some good sites to get AIM icons?
What instrument do you play?
What is the Present tense of BORN?
Mt.Vesuvius and Pompeii?
how can Islam be the true religion?
Question for yahoo answers religion regulars?
Why do leading retailers push the liberal and hide the conservative?
Friend Trouble???
what is theory of relativity?
Which side....?
Your interpretation of this quote please?
Does a black hole have an event horizon?
where can I buy PCs with out installed softwares?
everything abt cryogenics?
what is the prime meridian?
try to figure out this .?
where do i find the site for the TV show Cowboy U?
do you know something about welding?anything?!?
How much time do you think DX will last and why?
what is the definition of personal fiat?
why is algebra a required subject in high school?
where can i find the base of a triangle.?
Political parties.?
What is a redshirt freshman in college football?
why did she cry?
Mathematical Question  (Probability)?
Need Friends support?
How do people deal marriage when they have different faith?
how to check INS status on i-130 petition?
What do the initials B.A.C. represent?
Strategies for defending a. Domestic Violence Case.?
How to get rid of spyware residing on my computer?
openable sex site in uae?
for guys or girls:?
women: have you ever kissed another woman?
live in union?
how old do you think a grand mother should be?
Is solitary confinement a good form of punishment?
How do I change my name?
Does anyone know of a job a 15 year old can get?
how can i get a small business loan?
Which of the following statements are true?
can u walk/run every day?
How do you think you come off  to the world?
Swimming....and Yeast Infections?
what is the conflict perspective on prostitution?
? for the gals. Professor, or Gilligan ?
why do guys like plus size women over skinny women?
official website for Kyle Busc in NASCAR? Anyone know?
where can I get free gift certificate template?
when will America use nuclear energy to produce needed electricity?
looking for health insurance, any good companies with low premiums?
Has anyone finished the Penn Foster high school program?
what are the benefits of nutrition breaks in schools?
Mature: Does anyone know of a website.?
What does that horse has sand mean?
should I ask for the gifts back?
what is a good book for learning stars?
Who got kicked out of American Idol today?
Are you hot or cold?
Why are some people defending Michael Richards?
What is the France culture like, especially in Paris?
do u suck?
Howcome airplanes don't crash into Heaven?
how can i find an old flame?
What is metacognition?
Tell me your perfect Christmas scenario.?
Is there such thing as too nice of a guy?
where can i download good quality movies for free?
how to find indian women for sex n punjab?
Who is the famous English footballer who recently died from liver failure?
what do you all think about italian rugby team?
developing my communication skills,how?
what is the best way of gettin a girlfriend?
Penis People??
Would a pink shirt match an olive suit?
where is a good place to have sex?
what in da hell is going on?
canyou Helpmeplease! ????
Should we all be careful when talking about religion now?
this is annoyin help me plz?
what is gonna?
Tri-cyclen lo ALL Birth Control Questions?
Gift for a teacher?
anorexic? eating disorder?
Define Babylonian?
What are some of Mauritius's monuments?
Which Reserves branch of the military is most gay-friendly?
Did you vote dem. and why??
blockbuster video stores in my area columbus ohio?
how does bactieria and yeast undergo cell division?
Who was independen India's first cricket captain?
Can you translate this into english?
When is coretta scott king's viewing date?
when is it a good time to have sex?
hi! ne 1 there?
why do some adults belive in santa?
Would it be easy for me to get on the basketball team?
is there any free boarding school?
What kind of questions are asked in university interviews?
how much is photoshop?
how to recompile FreeBSD kernel ?
Why do I always think my husband is cheating?
wat does that mean when it says that?
How do you know you will make it to Heaven?
how do i keep moving wid ma skateboard?
pain killers?
Is there a Soccer World Cup for women?
does anyone know what a trek is?
Spanish Computer Codes?
Can you spin on your toes like a Top?
do girls have three holes?
Self defence moves?
what special vesicles contain enzymes?
ITV 1 Football Advert?
What do you guys think of anime ?
I just want to know?
how do i buy wholesale for new store?
where is turin?
what is meant by value added tax?
who can solve this OperationReaserch problem?
how many pounds is 10 kg?
do you know incruit?
Angrange Postulation?
Is anisoft a better IT solution than Google?
In what country are Nike shoes made?
How can i visualize the propogation of light ?
Do Protestants consider Catholics as fellow Christians?
help me w/ my calc.?
when you download fonts how do you ever use them?
how do i get a band together?
pound for pound!!?
Bronson Anthony Arroyo are the parents cubans?
How can i research an established business?
I miss someone badly, what to do?
can you get a flashing tounge bar if so were?
If you could be...?
what would it feel like?
why does my yahoo messenger keep getting disconnected?
I posted a add.Where and how can I find it?
What ever happened with North Korea?
mealworms imformation?
What are the disadvantaages of a jury system?
What are "Fantasy Sports" Excactly?
Do you enjoy your  school or university?
does anyone know if Hulk Hogan is going to wrestle again?
whats ur biggest regret?
GPA question?
What are some Famous Japanese Inventions?
please guess who will be the best player in this World Cup?
drawing of a school project fase 2 electric motor or explanation?
what to do when the navy keeps holding up your medical discharge?
who has an aol screen name?
how do i have sex without hurting her????
any cheap flats to rent in essex?
Someone please tell me what I'm expierencing?
Does it necessary to spend money for datting ?
how to vote for a us president?
Best web-hosting company for osCommerce?
How to put in color ink from an ink installation kit?
can someone give me some greek surnames?
Rude ring-tones around children?
Where do you stand on censorship?
How do you get rid of pimples on your body?
arectile disfunctchen?
Is an osprey an eagle or a hawk?
Would you get this?  www.voip.com?
why cant we go....?
Lately i feel sadness and longing right when i orgasm.?
bungalows extension?
Examinations held every year in high schools good or bad?
what does ur brain do?
What is going on in his head?
How do British accents vary?
How can I get over the depression I feel around the holidays?
Triangle help plzz?
How much does removing Wisdom Teeth cost without insurance covering it?
child protection laws?
What is the best way to meet someone?
My computer keeps freezing when I turn it off?
Can anyone give me examples of poems with imagery?
will new england be champs again?
Where do I purchase a Treasury Bond?
how do you cook a thanksgiving turkey?
what season does typhoons usually occur?
Music everyday! I need help!?
Where are you from?  & Where would you like to be?
how was internet discovered and how did it become popular in use?
how are the actions of the hydra coordinated?
Who loves John Travolta?
what's the theme for the movie rainman?
on microsoft word.....?
Does your head weight more if you know more?
does anyone kno any good graduation songs?
I think...?
What is a good court reporter school in New York?
How do I do the divide symbol/sign?
What should i do?
sample question papaers for JavaBean.?
Anyone tried Hoodia?
Genital warts?
can i ban a number frm receiving sms frm?
Why evolution if i have G;od?
who to find magic 102.3 fm radio station?
Can you believe it?
Yo mama jokes?
Calling a Guy on Football Sunday?
What was your favorite movie this past year?
Any quotation from Quran or Bible about Time Management?
Remedies for madness?
can a teenage love last?
Interest rate is going up or down?
when is sohcahtoa used?
Youtube...?
Would more people vote if you could do it online?
How many of you feel lonely?
where can i go to buy "pink sheet' stocks online?
reset keyboard?
Are there any police officers or court officers out there?
In the latest season of 7th heaven....?
pliz help i never have selfconfidence?
Where will Bruce Willis' next appearance?
What do you know about Kirk Hinrich?
Does Anderson Cooper have girlfriend??
A trick question for the English only?
how to become a rally driver ?
How do you get a stray bird to approach you?
how long do i?
why do i wanna kill babies so much?
where can i download a sql load test program?
wanna be my friend??
Where can I find a Korean Baseball Organization schedule in English?
where can i find good christmas contact tables?
My nephew has learning disabilities, how can you help?
How can we as a society become more welcoming to immigrants?
Describe your computer in 2-3 words?
Sunday Night: who do you have winning Giants or Bears?
Learn about stock market.?
what's the meaning of the word saief?
Whats Time, Space, and Matter like by themselves?
How can i prevent copying my CD's from others ?
where does liam lawrence live?
Why do insects get attracted to light?
What is the difference in ionic and covalent bonding?
Denver out of the AFC playoffs?
How to select externel auditors by the banks?
How do i go about finding my bioligical parents?
why my google mail all leeter is so small?
can I have a glass of wine while on antibiotics.?
For woman only?
Bring your computer along with you on  USB Key?
How do I ask him out?
how long do think i will live i am 12?
What Exactly are the 11 demensions?
what happen after u get deported from u.s.?
Why is American TV so crap?
who was voted off of the celebrity dance show?
online college..how much we must spend ?
NRA Tax Withholding For Foreign Call Centers?
What's the best way to lose a pot belly?
Has I lost money at lisdsp?
LCM of 12,20,35?
online ps2?
Would this work in PHP?
What is the best cell phone in the intiere world?
What is the ROLE of the police force??
Why are there clear differences between the races?
why tensed muscle caused pain and skeletal immobility?
Should Kashmir be given freedom from India?
how exercise influences gene expression?
liverpool and west ham?
how do I get information on a persons legal history?
what do you think of the concept...?
Japanese people and communities?
speaking 2 the ghosts!?
how can i get a normal income by using internet?
Scientist to do research paper on?
What causes lightning and thunder and why?
what do you think of italian girls?
how to heal a borken heart?
How do i find the derivative on an inverse graph geometrically?
Has anyone taken the Caliper personality test?
Do you think Laura Bush prefers to be on top?
how do you write a business plan?
What brands may have cool women's soccer cleats?
people who worry?
wat is sex  and why you do it?
How can i live in the usa?
what are you fav.song?
Who do you want to win American Idol?
Is it fair..?
Whatever religion you follow:?
what subjects are required for me to continue my studies in architecture?
where are the cheap rentals?
what's the target price of stock nvda?
what are some natural male stimulants?
anyone with artritias?
what is the difference between a Hoover and a Harley?
wehere is the kingdome located at?
how is discovered the smoking ?
is it possible for journalists not taking sides?
need some advice?
How to learn English?
Which is the lowest score in ODI? Give info?
Need to upload audio file that is over 100 mb?
Why is Christianity so sad?
David Pleat : How and Why ???
Whats your favorite sport and why?
fixing a hard disk?
Are American's Stupid?
please i would like to know the difference between plasma and serum?
What if Satan is the good guy?
Does anyone love Lucas Grabeel more then me?
asian telenovelas?
large age difference???????
Does he really like me, or what?
Will the world end in 2012?
Does political name calling add to intellectual discourse?
What are your thoughts on women's football (soccer)?
When is Big Brother coming on again?
Do you have a fear of speaking in front of a group?
Please help me with this calc im so confused?
When is NASCAR day?
help with glycolysis?
Address of website making companies please?
Where can i find internet explorer addons?
i want to study engineering, can i get in?
immigration?
how many spiders are eaten when a human is asleep?
i need some good songs?????
What do I do?
how can i convert my id in beta version?
I love the lord...do you?
what are the Indonesian drug laws?
Is "nah" an English word ?
Is Spain cursed?
Fast Food Nation?
am i a GOOD boyfriend?
Can anyone describe  what engineering Consultancy  entails?
Interpreting bleeding for fertility awareness?
for answerin my question?
ethylene vinylacetate used in food packaging?
Where can I find red eyes remedies?
How is the best way to study the bible?
how do i start a mobile dry cleaning business?
what is diabetes?
Is there any possible way to convert kilometers to liters?
what are benefits of exercise?
Where would America be today if Al Gore had been elected?
how many different words can you make from the word fights?
looks like George Orwell was right?
what is Nautical mile?
how do the chinese celebrate their traditional holidays?
Has anyone else seen this trend of thought?
Have you seen Rollergirls?
Why do people love to gossip so much! Including the Church?
What were some of Beethoven's famous works?
how many assholes are there in the world?
Has anyone had success getting off Zoloft?
Do you know any Disney folklore???
Where did the words boy and girl come from?
why can't people fly?
Why are women better than men?
What's the difference between an Ocean and a Sea?
How can I promote my band's myspace page?
Opinion on Cristiano Ronaldo needed.?
Who Is Good At School?
what are the characteristics and properties of density?
what do you get for a 20 yr old girl?
Who is coupled-up with someone and deliberately smug about it?
Why do men say dating twice is inapproprite?
What sites contain a lot of info primarily on Chilean Culture?
do we have to learn all about animal?
need some girl advice?
onion exports from india?
Speech topic?
where can I find a bio-rhythm chart?
Bring me to life?
Do whitetail bucks fight at night?
Do long distance relationships work?
why is peace so hard?
were you born on........?
why are stars white?
what does ethiopian food taste like?
Is this joke really funny?
Average Ordinary Everyday Superhero?
which would you rather(boys only)?
Do men fall in love with their mistress?
its coming 666?!?
How did Scottish teenage girls dress in the 1930's?
what can i do to improve this website?
something about people born on 26/6.?
How many of you braved "Black Friday"?
How to tell her?
what do i do now??
is atheism the original state of the human spirituality?
why Time Division Multiplexing is used in digital  technology?
Has the airport new restrictions for hand luggage gone too far?
how to do a perfect sex love?
how i be handsome man ?
I need advise from girls only!!?
Why does people put up with murder?
can you tell me how the egyption build pyramid?
Help Help!! i have a huge problem?
why sometime's we cannot concentrate with studies?
Yoga is an example of which form of stretching???
What is the objective?
What was in Pandora's box?
Do you think that an18 year old could fall in love?
I want the White House office Staff salary list?
What is Hyper Space and Conventional Space?
How do you know that you are walking with God?
holiday bonus a tax deduction for the employer?
what are good games to play in class?
I can get cheap cigarettes?
how can i call my love?
how do i keep swim goggles free of fog?
Wana immigrate to Austalia?
How do i clear my face from pimples?
are you going to start charging to email?
If you know the digestive system well will you help me?
Pretty awkwaaaard?
Which is better to buy x box 360 or ps 3?
The process of transcription is similar to the process of DNA?
which are the best university's in the world.?
How can I copy videos off YouTube?
Something every girl should see?
Is Yahoo! Answers Conscious?
how is the journey is it correct?
How do i disable live (clickable) links?
what makes you feel good?
Who has tried to help child soldiers?
What started Haloween?
What kind of magnets are only magnetic within another magnetic field?
wha is xena?
How smart are Steves?
What is USA average max. temperature from 2000 to present?
House episode???
computer will not play sounds keep getting error messages?
I'm thinking of a love always?
"what does universities partnership mean?
How do i find the population for Palmico County?
Are there anyone who have missed 1 or more consecutive mortgage payments?
Economics: Marginal Tax Rate?
What you expect after hysteroscopy?
i need a free program to lern french?
If you have an STD does that make you a whore?
Does Domino's sell their Brooklyn Style Pizza in Brooklyn?
god came for the name jesis?
If you are an amateur boxer could you answer this please?
is it true?
what is DSL, ATM FR?
should healthcare be limited for the elderly?
How will Andrew Bynum  do as center for the Lakers?
How do you get fit fast, and free?
is it psychologically healthy to abstain from sex totally?
93 IQ a good IQ?
where can i find winamp?
Don't you just hate it when...?
Which work of art would you most like to own?
waht is the sattelite dish?
a map of countries that accept gay marriage?
What is the position of Hydrogen in Periodic Table?
Why are so many Christian Marriages full of lust?
Which is the most famous sport played in Olympics?
is will ferral dead?
TO BE OR NOT TO Be?
What is the US Constitution?
What gay organizations are in Fort Worth, Texas?
what should i do with our housemaid?
How fun are you?
How do you know?
Does anyone know the name of the song...?
How does energy propagate?
What is the funniest joke you know?
USB port not working...?
what is the main land of west virginia?
What is the relationship between the location of volcanoes and plates?
where is headquarters for Inphonic Inc?
Which is the cheapest and most reliable hosting service in India?
What are llama and Alpaca?
Am I already addicted???!!!?
What are the diference between roots and tubers?
Need a little help with this one.?
is china and india a threat to us any way?
15. any jobs for me?
Thermal insulation of floor?
In a hospital, what is a "code black"?
8 grade math homework help?
why cant i get my teeth white?
A question about height and weight?
Why is it called Washington "District of Columbia"?
correct grammar?
FMC Modeling?
how are buggers created?
what is a celeron?
Can lethargy be an allergic reaction?
Are satellites visible from earth?
how can u purchase a home with bad credit in NJ?
who really discovered north America?
Why? Thats it why?
Why don't some Americans vote?
Is honesty the best virtue?
What is the rule concerning returning field goals in the NFL?
which would you choose deaf or dumb ? why ?
What do you do?
do you like borat (ali g)?
how i can install windows with out cd?
how do you know when belief has slipped into fonticism?
Will Donald Rumsfeld resign?
what is the infant mortality rate in south america?
how to prepare for chartered accountant professional examinations?
what causes tides?
Home network problem - some recommendations please?
Exactly how does HIV AIDS killed you?
Why is Janet Jackson always laughing in her songs?
I need job listings in London UK England?
Question about genetics?
what does majin mean?
What can you do to increase your brain power?
How do you find the base length of a trapezoid?
How do I open a blocked website in my country?.?
kidney infection?
Guys only!?!?
One Tree Hill anyone?
Dose anyone like sports?
What's a good voice chat system for multiple users?
how is it different being black living in america?
what should i do?
I have a problem with anxiety?
how do ask out the hottest guy in school?
What is a sun dress?
why are all the good guys hard to find??
How would you rate my fantasy baseball team from 1-10?
howz the hard disk partitioned??
are you wet down there girls?
Explain that energy can be transformed into other forms?
Is anyone going to see Union Hills High School Musical?
uses of convex mirrors in physics?
what is the benefits of robots in welding?
What happens to Pharoah's wives after his death?
Should i try online dating?
What can Einstein achieve in todays world?
which college is good for food production, as a chef?
nfl question?
If u r president what will u do&how?
how can i improve my concentration while studying?
Can abody convert 190 degrees into radian?
why are people arguing about Global Warming?
what is the best gift for a friend?
Birth of celebrity child?
Should I start Oakland or Pitt DEF in week 9 FF?
who coming back to dx?
How to create a own website?
What is the best brand of a laptop?
Why all countries have problems with muslims?
what causes diplococcus pneumonia?
Did tom cruise and katie holmes marry recently?
Who's more annoying?
i have asick  baby?
Is there a meeting point disco in Cambridgeshire tonight ?
British/American Politics?
is pluto happy or not?
The size of the US Supreme Court is set by who?
ladies,where are the sensitive..?
is endometriosis hereditary?
Need help calculating tangential speed.?
Do elephants or whales have the biggest penises?
Why is Materazzi not in FIFA 07?
why do business want to resign trade?
whats the best way to hunt wild turkey of an evening?
What is the answer to this riddle?
what the meaning of "love"?
who is iranian prsident?
does sms txting promote illiteracy?
Why do some emails come to me faster than others?
How to utilize my mind power even higher?
i have to wake up at 6:00 for school?
wich came first:the chicken or the egg?
what type of tools did the Pueblo Indians use?
How do I transfer my Itunes songs to my desktop?
Why are so many people racist against Bosnians?
American citizenship?
What do they call Earthquakes on other planets?
How many world cups have the US women won?
a scene in mean girls that exemplified responsibility?
How can I lose 10 kilo in 1 mounth?
What the heck does this mean?
Differentiation.?
Why everyone must learn English?
How do I delete all of my Yahoo mailbox messages?
Does anyone have an opinion on IUD's?
What is the rank of mutual fund AWSHX?
dress code.....?
what is your favorite pokemon? why?
Did OJ Simpson Testify during his criminal trial?
Whats wrong with this java?!?
why is espn still talking?
is it OK to preach using laptop instead of bible?
i want to make money! what can i sell?
This is a seriouse questions?
When were fingerprints used?where?
What does a president have to do to get impeached?
math question?
Who is General Brujewicz from Russia?
primary hypertension?
what do you all know about romania?
Why should Australians include bush tucker in their diet?
What are abreviations like lol?
How do i get to Heaven?
what state has the worst quality tap water?
Why do gay men like gay men?
how do you remove a wood tick from a person?
what are some of the positive and negative effects of the internet?
Does anyone know what "Capitalism" meanz???
did y'all see raw wrestling last night?
Why are the adverts louder than the programme?
what is longshore drift?
Who will win the next America's Cup?
matlab program?
How man pounds is 44 kilograms?
What did Terry Butcher say about Rangers?
Biology Question?
Does anybody know a website that has articles on fighting or boxing?
What wuz the last team to have a black player?
What is the best state to be homeless in?
What do you have to get trademarked or Copywritten?
what is the difference between Catholics and Episcopalians?
Has anybody seen Scary Movie 4 yet?
how many countries belong to the united nations?
is school a necessity for adolescents? why or why not?
i think about my x everyday?
How do they record the time the athlete finish in 1896 Olympics?
Discuss social ills?
who said that the world is round?
Could you guys help me write a spoof scene?
is silly puddy a solid or liquid?
Do you feel that Kanye West is arrogant?
What is the salary range for educational writers?
legal aspects related to knowledge workers?
Who is going to win survivor?
Convert a PC to a Cisco router?
does anyone sometimes just feel old?
has any body ever lost his wife?
How do you shoot at a pool game in Yahoo Games?
Has anyone here seen The Divinci Code?
Do we all see the same colour?
bugs and gases with a diease called ethen.?
How do you create Nitric acid?
for the chemists?
requirements of successfull seduction?
Which is you're favorite Jet Li movie?
Can you be racist against white people?
What is average on an act test?
Annoying problem?
Explain the different on-going information technology Projects in India?
who will be the best rb this yr?
Can I get one actual reason to believe in God?
How many bibles does the average home have?
how much water can a cloud hold?
why isn't Roller Skating in the Olympics?
i go for my appointment soon with psychiatrist?
how many persons total in india are in force?
why do arabs hate Israel?
other than looks, what is one thing you got?
What are some good energy foods I can pack in my lunch?
ASP.net problem?
how does alzheimer's effect schizophrenia?
which is the most common language use by many people?
What is the birds name on Charlie Brown ?
Are their satelite views of earth available ? For free?
whats the worst mistake you have made?
are ports dangerous to man?
Who was the penman of the U.S. Constitution?
how often should we be having sexual relations?
What is so special about Lent Rise combined school in Buckinghamshire?
Richard Trumka?
How do you make a primitive flamethrower?
how can u tell a guy is in to u?
Calling All Women!!!!!!!!!?
Can i know this company name?
Is  Thuggee still practiced?
Ferris wheel and acceleration?
what would cause having blood in the eye?
why people are being popular?
what should I do?
what does "mainstream" mean?
what kind of animal eats snails.?
Any lawyers in the house?
Blatter infections?
B&W or color?
how is imagination of dislocation in the materials and metals?
What if soccer was the number 1 sport in USA?
what is the meaning of ETMS?
What observational evidence...?
What time is most of the world asleep?
i am need yahoo messenger arabic  program?
blue collar comedy?
will usa invade war on iran?
explain each situation...discuss all forces that apply?
can a girl whos 5' 6" be a jockey?
how many muslim players in europe ?
whats the meaning of life?
Why are we here?
Broken collarbone?
Visual C++?
Why do courts refrain from the characteristics of  a bureaucracy?
what is wrong?
where can I find knowledge of the veterinary professions?
what is a Japanese Parasol dance?
what is PD 1017???
Sims 2 Help?
I need some questions answered about Plan B.  Please help!?
Was Johnny Cash's wife June hot back in the day?
is there any physics teacher?
Quizzes???
what are some signs that he like you?
does the devil have a son???
Is gnossis a religion or a philosophy?
What is an presidental initiation?
is there a free website for people finding no charge at all?
Severe Tooth Pain!!!!?
Has a similar thing happened to you?
What's the best way to a woman's heart?
Should the Bill of Rights be expanded?
An income tax and estate tax question for a grantor trust?
capital of czechoslovakia?
How long should I?
NCAA eligibility rules for a player transfering from a junior college?
how long ago was Fifa faunded??
How do you make savings?
what does the phrase scrooge mean?
does dialysis ever stop working?
drug rehab?
what temperature does wood burn?
what is 10times12?
Do you like Nuns?
y= x^2+7x+12?
.Would this be cancer?
Are there any sizes for snooker glasses?
is there mail delivery on mon dec 26?
how deos a chicken wing work?
information about Catholic?
what is the greatest goal in world cup finals history?
from when did new claimants for income support?
another word for moon that starts with an s?
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen Necklace?
what should i get for christmas?
How many bits is 1megabyte?
Can a Dell Dimension E310 burn DVDs?
Would you be willing to pray?
Drama 101!?
what i do to get a girl?
Problem with DVD/CD distortion/crackling on laptop playback?
What type is the best printer for printing resumes?
How do you drive more traffic to a website.?
Who is going to play Master Chief in the Halo movie?
Is anyone else scared to death that Bush has 2 years left?
What do you do when you still like your X?
how to make long lasting sex?
Why is interstellar travel difficult?
Does anyone like Coldplay?
I cannot find Drive A on my computer?
What happened to Steve Stone?
Now that the demos own the house?
do we really want megans law in the uk?
is there an age difference....???
which antidepressants have less impotency effects?
do you use your left hand or your right hand?
Why should the people have more say than the government?
What am I supposed to do to solve this?
cow question?
why people agree with the 26th amendment?
skin pigmentation in Asian woman during pregnancy?
what is California state law about dog camping?
What is your all time favourite movie and why?
holds some gems?
how long should i rope jump?
drinking with meds?
What is 48/1000 simplest form?
how to stop risperdal?
Who is the sweetest person in life?
do girls like hispanics?
shoud deer hunting be illegal yes or no resons?
how to be excellent?
Ex girl Help?
yahoo online protection?
Questions on the Constitution of US?
whats inside area 51?
Whats the history on crayola crayons?
why female breasts are so large compared to other mammals ?
What exactly is current and charge??
Whats the difference between an MD and a DO?
Is it their own fault if people in America starve?
is 40kg healthy for men?
Odors of aldehydes and ketones?
why didnt omar bravo play against argentina?
What is Google ?
Why is there something rather than nothing?
what is E-U?
to all the christian pls read this part3?
Is war the only way to find peace?
what is the manual microtome?
vitamin D3?
Why can't we just use a single currency?
are  the  Cowboys  capable  of  beating  the  Bears?
What do cell walls of diatoms contain?
yesterday my question was about a lien on a house?
What is the purpose of the Supreme court of NSW?
What should I do...?
who here likes anime?
are these compatible?
What show are you going to be watching on tv tonight?
What's your favorite Widget?
can you translate this into arabic?
is there any one oline to chart with?
where is located the middle of wold?
A Silly Poll?
what is acrodynia?
Is Gwen Stefani hot  ??
can we see galaxy with star telescope?
Who is Ali Daei??
Do you love getting letters?
who will be the starting forwards for argentina?
what is Brand?
Who thinks is gonna win, Argentinia or Germany?
What are the characteristics of a right mate?
How many toes does an ostrich have on each foot?
girls how tall do you like your guys to be ??
Do you browse  the questions a user answers?
What should I get myself for my birthday?
when is the nickolodeon kids awards?
I need song help?
do you beleive in love in first sight?
Information on co-signing a loan?
who think they should bring Goldberg back?
what do you think about Islam??
Basketball or Baseball?
Do people know?
Genital warts?
Is ACLU, AFA and Christian compatible?
why do boy look at girls butts?
What do you think about meeting people through internet?
what can I sell on ebay?
Impossible Question: Cliff?
Serius question!!!1?
What is the difference between a pigment and skin color?
best way to get her back?
need help with danish please?
how many people watched blackburn play last night?
Are humans influenced by natural selection?
How toxic is mercury ?
graph the line?
why is the sky blue?
1990 Dodge Omni Air Bag?
what does IMO mean?
should i call?
pink elephant question?
How would you consider yourself?  (see details)?
Where Can I find George W Bush audio and video?
Why do bands charge for their sheet music?
How many people have AIDS in San Diego, Ca.?
Question for the Believers and No-Believers!!?
Is my friend a lezz?
how should i teach my child UFO SPACE CAR ?
does any one know who killswitch engage is?
wat do u think of jamie lynn spears?
DVD copying question.. Macintosh users only need respond.?
Am i the only one who cares about 9/11?
Do anyone like the pistons [basketball team]?
how do I copy streaming audio from a website?
PC Muscle!?
Should i get alienware???
How do u know that your really in love?
Birthday cake?
When did Lincoln issue the Emancipation Proclamation?
what was the first tv show dealig with condoms?
how did pioneers get watre in the 1800's?
Words from the Redneck Dictionary?
What will be the final score between Brazil and Ghana?
How come when I try to view?
Economics question?
what is cpu tower ?
If  space was so big do you think order life exist ?
what does playing the martyr mean?
Do British people wish they still had control over the US?
What do liberals often say?
anyone knows the movie bully?
what is a good format for an negative adjument letter?
Mystery of Heaven?
does anybody know about OCD?
Who is Hawaii's state treasurer?
who is the president of romania?
what are some good love songs?
New to injecting insulin for diabetes. Help please!?
Liberals!  Why do you name call when you win?
which one is better Passion or Sanctuary?
What is msd and how do you treat it?
How do women know they are loved?
i want to clear search historty in yahoo?
What countries were conquered during world war two?
How do *you* do well in school?
Would you rather go driving with Ted Kennedy or Laura Bush?
Has any one experienced Depression after hip relplacement surgery?
I want to print something on publisher...?
Stephen Hawkins or Christopher Reeves?
mean of economic resources?
can you believe this guy!?
What is "Billa Bong"?
What does it take to legally immigrate?
? for the unbelievers?
how old was general washington whene he became president?
What is a 42 sided polygon called?
how self confidence?
was i wrong?
perfume...both for men and women?
What would be a great formation for the England squad?
Where do I get a small business licence?
Which is the best movie?
I Need Creative thinking about Prana, help pls?
How can i record the voice from the tv channels?
what is love ?
how  do i become a criminal mastermind?
Who invented water?
I am haveing trouble with creditors due to student loan payments?
What does the Thai name Penpapa mean?
did anyone just lose their boyfriend/girlfriend like i just did?
Why do chics cheat?
who was Gordon Bennett?
Joints of the thumb?
Am I a horrible person?
how would you go about solving this algebra problem?
What is the GOP ?
cant figure out band name ?
Which is your favourite horror/scary movie ever?
What did you think when Bush said God spoke to him?
doses potatos make you butt bigger?
Is the US eventually headed for a civil war ?
Who is feeling crunk music seriously?
jazzrelee is that a name or did i spell wrong?
Applying for a new credit card?
In what way may the president make a law?
how do I build a stone bread oven?
emaar construction department, main contractor?
Can I buy a vietnamese wife?
Who are you?
plz help me,i need a boyfriend?
which is the site for downloading old softwares?
How many chromosomes does a hippogriff have?
cigarettes?
What is the best way to pass time?
Is Elisabeth from "THE VIEW" pregnant?
Concluding hypothesis test?
What is the function of root hairs?
What really happened to Michael Jackson?
give to the less fortunate?
what are the cause of apendix ?
How can i do fertigation to roses?
Where do you put your purse in the grocery basket?
which country has the intials "DZ",?
what would you do?...?
Johnny Depp?
What are the prison terms for armed robbery?
what schooling do you need to become a paralegal?
Need help with Norman Windows Problem (pre-calculus)?
what are the 4 zones of truth?
Questions about "oxygen"?
who degined the kathmandu mall?
Exemples of resumes?
who are your favorite artists???
an Exodus Lance mountain bike, any good?
How about them Tigers?!!!?
What does the future hold for mankind?
how can i attract employers to hire me?
dems support for gays?
how can you cleanout the history on your toolbar?
sk8 boarding or ridin dirt bikes?
does any1 no if the killers are playin this summer?
Anyone heard of the sport of disc golf?
simplify math question?
Why is holywater...holy?
not for the easily offended?
Buy or Lease?
Who is the ultimate sportsman?
should i ask this guy to prom??
Drew Brees is the man?
what is the city bigger in people in the world?
Help me please!?
how often do most people have sex a week?
How can i clear my head?
which actress do i hate the most?
Do you agree with those that say about snakes?
Got a favorite porn star?
how to ask this girl out for a date ?
Name a good modeling agency?
how to find a very suitable partner?
How do women like oral sex. Describe please.?
I heard some comets are coming?
How do I know about DNA?
who is the tenor from Tuscany?
What is a pteridophytes?
Survey!!!!!?
do u think that beyonce' is a good actress?
is Witchcraft Secretly Satanism?
what is the cosmic address of earth?
What is H bonds of biological importance other than water?
Who else thinks "Brothers and Sisters" sucks?
What the hell am i doing in Japan?
Comment on the following : Bush is Bull Dog?
How do you stretch/relax your own neck and back muscles?
what are some basic mormon beliefs?
i want to get rich. how can i achieve my goal?
why do you get hick cups?
I believe life is just one big useless joke? You?
Just how addictive will this site become?
what laws does indian government impose against juvenile violence?
Does Monica Seles still plays?
For Moslems - What does salvation mean to you?
Question about true friends...?
Need da name 4 a jay-z song?
Please let me know That Who M I ?
Is it true that beauty is only a light switch away?
What is it like working as a nurse in Australia?
Why is it that?
What is Kanes real name?
Who is this?
answer quickly please!!!!?
how do i make a tumbler block quilt?
i need research articles on soccer injuries and playing surfaces?
Where is the county of Cameroon?
DNA codes for?
White Jokes???
What is the White Cane Law?
Red or Black?
May I know the the date of birth s effect in life?
A disease or disorder with Siren in the name?
If God created everything what created God???
How do You feel about this Blessing?
Where can I find traditional Japanese music?
Colleges for research??
What are schools doing to promote good health?
Where can I get business cards for cheap?
Are there any additional visualizers I can download for iTunes?
The cops don't believe me - what should I do?
sharks radio on worldwide internet radio?
what is proof of pangea?
how can i fax for free from shore to ship?
how did islam start?
firefox 2 problem?
What does the 7th amendment of the bill of rights mean?
what is velocity?
does anyone know a code or system of arrows that represent numbers?
Will this kill you or just end up making you sick?
Are fat people walking time machines?
Weight loss/diet aids?
How much does it cost for admission at the Washington DC Zoo?
Does your name fit you?
what is the average penis size for a 14yr old?
Do I ask too many questions about sex?
how to get the best product for sale ????
Kreischer Ville.com?
under the table?
How do I download the latest microsoft Word?
who will win in this match?
you look like a million bucks?
Do male sea horses lay eggs?
free p.c.  any such thing?
how to e-mail mayor bloomberg?
Pre-Calculus Help!!!?
How much time should I set the VCR for per game?
what is the prudence accounting concept?
Do you believe your vote counts?
whats the best way of working on public speaking skills?
Is this the future of a Democrat controlled Nation?
Any tips for college freshman just starting?
Gerrard for captain?
Would you pay over $600 to see your favorite band?
Is there a way to quit gambling for good?
Explain active sensor?
what is BS 15000 practice?
Has anyone ever cast a dream for you or someone you know?
is it normal to feel pain after intercourse.?
How do I open a Martial Arts School?
How old am I ?
can you give me some ideas for jobs the average person?
help?  3 question about Europe?  Geography?
how to impress the airhostess?
How hard is the basic training at fort sill?
Why do people judge others by their looks?
who is MICHAEL JACKSON?
I need as MUCH advice as I can get?
do you have nurse job vacancy?
Momentum Problems (Physics)?
How do you cite sources by using APA format?
how many guys shaved their privates in high school?
Is there a separation of church and state?
effects of anabolic steroid use on the brain?
how to convince your parents to buy you something?
Why are the X Factor finalists given such crap songs to sing?
i want to know what sign will my true love be?
What is SEC & LSE?
can you be only a host to the mumps virus?
How do you configure a router?
please answer this!!!?
what is the Chernobyl Meltdown?
How serious would you view financial adultery?
Is it true that most teen-agers experience identity crisis?
How to change GP? (in UK)?
My husband needs help with nasal congestion.?
my hard disks free space is decreasing!!!?
how many lakes are there in connecticut?
need program!?
can one person apply for section eight?
What companies like to hire Americans in Europe?
what time is it U.K.?
Name the minerals present in mineral water?
can you wake up dead and go to work in the morning ?
what is yahoo mail server address?
Where to go?
how technology help in the economy?
how long does mania last?
I seen my best griends girl?
How are total point scores calculated in Ski Jumping?
Is everything predefined ?
Is the Iraq war really a war in the legal sense?
What causes the seasons on earth?
illustration essay?
can anybody name the organs from the kidney to the exit?
SAP IDES or SAP Portal demonstration?
How can I date WWE Diva Melina?
What happens if you drop a yellow rock into the Red River?
question..?
How do you save a theme in MS Word XP?
what are the laws for bebe guns?
Ware can I find a Search Engine Composer?
Can you name 5 things about Columbus, Mississippi?
What kind/s of mutual funds are available in India?
Is it me or...?
Agree or Disagree?
where i get C++ tutorial?
When is enough ,When will it end . Geneva?
what can you eat after you have had bariatric surgery?
Experiments for light in plant growth?
How can love lasts... ?
whats the best D-shaft for lacrosse?
How many rounds would Hattom last against Cotto?
what do you think of my trash talk jokes?
complex numbers in polar form?
Are Mormons pagans?
who is the current governor of chicago illinois?
What is The Watermarking image?
when will they rebroadcast the series 24?
What question should I ask tonight??
home business?
is anybody excited to go see pearl jam??
Games my company can play to improve teamwork?
what does grope mean?
What is CAPM and how useful is it?
what does biology mean?
What are my options for medical care with no money in Georgia?
NCAA DIV 1 Schools Nick name Bison?
Who has the most career home runs in baseball?
Do you think I am similar to Beyonce?
What are the advantages of having laptops in high schools?
Getting your own back?
Do you like ice?
what makes a woman unforgettable to a man?
Would you still like Bush if he was a Democrat?
Do rich people have problems, too?
Who has read Guitar Girl?
sorry again but only indians?
What is an example of an interim alternative educational setting?
Is freeware illegal?
i need some advice to lighten me. please help!?
What is the poetic form of the word - always?
Is Cyberworld immigration a valid future scenaario?
what is 102-65 equil?
Did you have a good time?
Any Lady's Want To Make A Baby?
uses of pythagoras in daily life?
What would you guys do??
volume of one mole?
Calling all geeks..and nerds?
how to get a sweet and nice boyfriend???
measurements of charlize theron?
how to clean your credit score up?
Any good tips for back strengthening exercises?
Is it a bad idea to look up an old girlfriend?
who likes sex more than other , male or female?
How long does it take to prepare for Ielts ?
What did you dream about last night?
